Title: Automatically Manage Marketing Contacts in HubSpot
Author: Ali Schwanke 
Date: 2025
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLRnkCF5lN8

Transcript:
If you're using HubSpot for marketing,
one of the most important things is to
keep an eye on your number of marketing
contacts and use the system to automate
some of that so you're not paying to
market to people that don't want to be
marketed to or maybe have bounced or
disqualified. So, we're going to use a
workflow to manage all this on the back
side. You can also adjust some
parameters on the front as well, but
let's dive in and show you how this
works.
So here we're going to be in our
workflow and we're actually going to use
lists for an enrollment trigger in this
uh particular case because we want to
have the ability for these contacts to
reenroll. So before we jump in here to
the workflow, we're actually going to
jump over to these lists that I created
in advance here. So we've actually got
four lists that we're going to be using
in this particular example. So the first
one we're going to have email hard
bounces are known. So in this case, the
parameter is email hard bounce reason is
known. So these people have an email
that would have bounced. So, we don't
want to pay for them to be marketing
contacts. Opted out of email. This one
we're going to be opted out of all
marketing information. Again, if I edit
this filter, we're going to select all
of the email subscriptions that we
currently have. And then we want to make
sure to not market to those folks. So,
that's one. The lead status is
unqualified or do not contact. So, in
this case, we have a lead status. And
that happens to be a field that we use
internally to help us uh determine
whether or not this person is actually
going to be worthy of our follow-up or
our marketing. So in this case, if they
say, "Don't ever contact me again."
Again, not worth paying for or
unqualified. And the last one would be
any employees. So in this case, we're
using Simplestrat. We've got a lot of
test data in here as well, but we do not
want to pay to have our own employees.
This one is especially important if you
have a very, very large organization
because you end up paying for a lot of
people in the system that may not
actually be your target customer. So now
that we've got these four lists, let's
jump over to our workflow. And we're
going to start with with uh data values
in terms of list membership being
changed. So when they happen to be a
member of a list. So we're going to put
this as the hard bounces
here. So if they then become a member of
this list or if they become a member of
the opt out newsletter here. And then
another criteria is going to be that
other list that we have of employees
here. And then our last one's going to
be the list of disqualified.
Okay, so all of our lists here are an or
so that they can meet any of these
criteria. And we're going to hit next.
And then we do want to allow
reenrollment. So if we happen to have
someone that's a net new bounce, they
actually then move to non-marketing
status as well. So over here in the
preview, it'll show us that yes, these
people who meet this criteria will get
reenrolled. Lists are also the reason
why we do this because you cannot
reenroll based on a status uh specific
property for lead status or life cycle
stage. So we're going to actually use
our list here. All right. Now that we've
got this, we're going to move over to
our configuration here to set as
marketing contacts. So again, right now,
if I just type in and look for the
actions over here on the lefth hand
side, I want to set as marketing contact
status. And I'm going to take the
enrolled contact and I'm going to make
them a non-marketing contact. So that's
about as straightforward as it is. If
you don't have marketing contacts in
your HubSpot portal yet, this will not
show up. You won't even have to worry
about this thing. But most of us are in
this uh realm when we don't want to pay
for people that again are not uh a fit
for us. And we're going to save that.
And then our last opportunity here is to
review and publish. So it's going to
give us the people that meet this
criteria. So in this case, if we're
doing this as a cleanup action, most
likely we do want to enroll everybody
that meets that criteria. Um we've got
some other options here. If you happen
to have enterprise, we can get uh
alerted for any sort of uh you know
issues or timing and performance. In
this case, we don't have a suppression
list. If you wanted to have a
suppression list of let's say people
that are employees that need to be on
every single marketing email, you may
actually have a suppression list. So,
you can keep those employees in so they
get a copy of your email and then I can
turn on that workflow. So, that's going
to be it. That's all we need to do in
order for us to manage those marketing
contacts and hopefully keep your bill a
little bit lower and not have that bar
at the top where it says, "Hey, you're
about ready to be build for the next
cycle." That's it for this workflow. Hit
that subscribe button for more tips,
tricks, and how-tos, and we'll see you
next time.