Title: 
New Thinking on Market Categories
Author: April Dunford
Date: 2026
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2C2HmF9GbM

Transcript:
Companies really overthink market
category [music] to the point where they
actually want to do a positioning
exercise by starting with the market
[music] category. They'll say, "Look, we
want to define a new market category.
So, help us do that." Instead of saying,
"Do we need to define a new market
category?" Like, what actually is the
market category that fits what we have
the best? But the reality is is when you
work a positioning exercise that way,
you often end up [music] with this sort
of aspirational market category that
doesn't actually match to the
capabilities of the offerings that you
actually have in market.
Hey everybody, welcome to another
edition of the positioning show with me,
April Dunford. How are you doing? It's
been a while. What's happening? Um,
we're in the middle of kind of a
minieries of episodes that um is focused
on the second edition of Obviously
Awesome, my book on positioning and
what's changed between the first edition
and the second edition, which kind of
represents
um my changes in thinking based on
working with 300ish clients since 2019,
since the first version of the book came
out. So, in the first few episodes,
we've talked about things that you need
to do in advance of a positioning
workshop. So, there's a set of decisions
that you need to make. There are some
things that you should do to prep the
group before you tackle the positioning
process.
Um, I talked specifically about a couple
of steps. So one being the step around
competitive alternatives which I really
think you have to nail in order to get
this thing right. We talked a bit about
differentiated value and a lot of my
thinking has changed around
differentiated value. That section in
the new book is greatly expanded because
I'm not sure I did a great job of
explaining it the first time around but
hopefully I nailed it this time. Um
after you're done with the
differentiated value step, there's a
couple other steps that come after that.
So there's um a step where you look at
the differentiated value and you say
look, we are the only company on the
planet that can deliver a combination of
this value plus this value and
underneath you've got the features. This
is how we enable that value. So after
that step, usually there's a step around
what are the characteristics of a best
fit customer. So you say, look, we're
the only people that can deliver this
value, but the reality is not everybody
cares the same about that value. So what
are the characteristics of an account
that make them really, really care a lot
about the value that only you can
deliver? In doing a whole lot of these
workshops, I find that the bigger the
company, the less we change in terms of
uh how we define a best fit customer.
Bigger companies have been doing this
longer. They've sold more. They usually
have more thought put into segmentation
and the way they look at the market. Uh
they've generally got bigger sales teams
and those sales teams have been focused
on different parts of the market. So if
the company's quite big, we don't change
too much there. If the company's
smaller, often we get some insight into
who truly is a best fit customer by
looking at the value. But I would say
that section of the book hasn't changed
too much. So if you understand that
step, you know, I don't think there's
there isn't too much of my thinking
that's changed about that. The step that
comes after that is market category.
Now market category I have always
thought of market category as being a
very very important piece of positioning
and even in the original book I probably
spent more time on the market category
step than I did any other step but it's
interesting the more I do this work
the more I think that
companies really overthink market
category to the point where they
actually want to do a positioning
exercise by starting with the market
category. They'll say, "Look, April, you
know, we want to define a new market
category. So, help us do that." Instead
of saying, "Do we need to define a new
market category?" Like, what actually is
the market category that fits what we
have the best? The problem with starting
with market categories is a little bit
like the tail wagon the dog. It's and
it's often a bit aspirational. The
company comes to me and they say, "We
wish this was our market category." So
let's make it so. But the reality is is
when you work a positioning exercise
that way, you often end up with uh this
sort of aspirational market category
that doesn't actually match to the
capabilities
of the offerings that you actually have
in market. So generally if you want a
category
creating positioning so that you're
creating a new category you need a
category creating product to start with.
And if you don't have that then
customers aren't stupid. They're going
to see through and they'll say yeah I
know you keep calling it this thing but
I don't know man it just looks like a
CRM to me. Why isn't it a CRM? And your
sales people will spend forever trying
to answer that question. So that's the
first thing I think people overthink
market category.
So here's some of my thinking on market
category. So
what is the job of a market category?
The job of a market category is to take
a customer that doesn't know too much
about your stuff and it points them in
the direction of your value.
That's it. That's all it does. It
doesn't take the place of your
messaging. It doesn't take the place of
your sales pitch. you're still going to
have to take them all the way on that
journey that takes them from pointing in
the direction to, you know, where you
want to go, which is differentiated
value.
So, the market category just does that.
It's a starting point to help customers
understand what you're all about. So, a
good market category does that. It
points folks in that direction. A good
market category sets off a set of
assumptions about your product that are
true so that they say, "Oh, yeah. Yeah,
I kind of get what that is. You're sort
of over in this bucket. Great. Now, we
can just continue on and it's easier to
take them on this journey to where we
want them to go, which is understanding
our differentiated value." The first
rule of market categories is do no harm.
So the harm that a bad market category
can do is it takes a customer that
doesn't know too much about your stuff
and it points them somewhere else away
from your differentiated value. And so
you'll say, "Oh, you know, we're this,
we're that, the other thing." And the
customer says, "Ah, I get it. You're a
CRM." But you ain't. You are not a CRM.
And when they think about a CRM, they
assume you do a bunch of stuff that you
don't actually do. This is bad.
>> [laughter]
>> And then it's the job of marketing and
sales to say, "No, no, no, no. Uh, no,
we're not that. No, no. Come back over
here. Come back over here. No, no, no,
no, no." And then get them pointed in
the right direction. So, job number one
is do no harm.
A great market category
takes a customer a certain way on this
journey, points them in the right
direction. It sets off a bunch of
assumptions that about your product that
are true, so that everything that
marketing and sales has to do is a
little bit easier. they don't have to
undo these incorrect assumptions that
were already sparked by a bad market
category.
So the way we get this done in a
workshop, at least in workshop, if
you're if you're doing it with me, is we
will look at here's the differentiated
value that we all decided on. Here's our
definition of what a best fit account
looks like. And then we will look at
whatever the company is using right now
as their market category and say does
this work. If I say we are this
is the customer oriented towards our
value or are they pointed somewhere
else? So does it set off a set of
assumptions about things about us that
we just don't do that stuff? And so
we'll look at that and in cases where we
look at it and we say the existing
market category works, we don't touch
it. That's it. The market category
works, so we're not going to mess with
it. Now, sometimes it doesn't. Sometimes
we get really tight on the
differentiated value and then we say,
"Okay, here's the market category you've
been using and h it doesn't really work.
It kind of, you know, it it points
customer in the wrong direction." So
then we would look at is there something
close that does work. So either an
adjacent market category or maybe we're
looking at the existing market category
that they're in and we put a qualifier
on it. You know like we're that but only
for companies that look like this or
we're that for only this industry. We're
that but you know only for SMBs or we're
that but only if you know you have this
in your environment. we could put a
qualifier on it or we look at things
that are adjacent and we've actually
we're actually shifting categories but
we're shifting to something that's
related to the existing market category
but it is not the existing market
category. That happens quite a lot. Um
and then if none of that works because
the thing is so new, so different
uh we're in a situation where we have to
actually invent a new market category.
In those cases, what we're looking for
is what I would call an anchor concept.
Something to anchor the customer on so
that we're not just making up a word
like, "Hey, we're a flu plumber." And
the customer is like, "I don't know what
a flu plumber is." And you're like, "Oh
my god, I'm so glad you asked. Let me
explain flu plumbering from the
beginning."
>> [laughter]
>> What we're looking for is an is kind of
an anchor concept that helps the
customer understand
what we're all about even though what
we're describing is actually a category
that nobody else is using. It's a brand
new category. It's a new thing. Which
kind of brings me to this idea of in my
perspective there are different styles
of positioning. So
there's and there's three. The first one
is what we call head-to-head style. And
that's where um I'm in a market
category, there's a leader in that
market category, and I am positioned
exactly the way they are. And so we call
this head-to-head style where, you know,
it's I'm in the CRM market. Salesforce
is in the CRM market. I'm not putting
any qualifiers on that. I'm CRM for
everybody. And I basically have just
declared war on Salesforce and that's
it. And as you can imagine, this is not
often a successful way to do
positioning. Now, this works great if
you happen to be the market leader. So,
if you happen to be the market leader
and you're in a category and you're seen
as the leader of that category,
I would hesitate to ever change that
category because you're leading it. So,
you essentially own the definition of
what that category is. You have the
ability to define purchase criteria.
That category works well for you. It's
working well right now. And you will
often see um companies that lead in a
market category will just be vigorously
defending that category from anybody who
might challenge them because staying in
that category works very well for them.
And if the leader gets to the point
where they're, you know, they're so
dominant in that category, they can't
grow anymore, then what the leader does
is generally try to define the category
as something a little bit bigger, push
the boundaries of that category, so that
the category is bigger so that they can
own more of it. Um, the only time if you
weren't a leader that you might want to
do this head-to-head style against a
leader in a market is if you were a very
strong challenger and there's something
going on with the market leader that
maybe they're a little bit weak. So,
I've seen this in many companies that
I've worked with where they're
essentially a strong number two in the
market. Um, they have something very
differentiating against the number one
in the market. So there is absolutely no
downside for that company to position
themselves in the same market as the
market leader because they have a chance
to actually knock the market leader off.
Usually what you're doing is you're
waiting for a sign of weakness. So
you're waiting for, you know, the
company stumbles in some way. Maybe
something happens. Maybe they have a bad
release. I've seen that happen a few
times. Maybe there's, you know, the big
change in the market and they're a
little bit slow to react and you have
the opportunity to leaprog them in
capabilities. There's all kinds of
things that can happen that can allow a
challenger to then leaprog into the
leader position. Um, but if you are that
challenger and you're you're close,
you're well differentiated, the leader
showing some weakness, there there's no
reason why you wouldn't potentially want
to take this head-to-head style. If you
aren't, you probably don't want to do
this. like this is a bad style of
positioning. If you're an early stage
startup and there is a big well-
entrenched competitor, um there's better
ways to crack into the market than
trying to take on the leader at their
own game. Uh so you probably don't want
to do that. [snorts]
The second style of positioning is what
I would call big fish small pond. And
this is similar to the head-to-head.
You're in an existing market category,
but in this case, you are not attempting
to take on the leader in the entire
category. you are sub-segmenting the
category. You're peeling off a sub
segment and you are attempting to win
that subsegment. So the requirements
here is there needs to be an
identifiable subsegment of the market
that is underserved by the current
market leader and then you have a
product that does something different
that allows you to serve that submarket
much better. And then ideally the other
condition is that needs to be met is
it's something that the leader can't
easily copy because if you you know get
some success selling to that subm market
and you start getting some traction the
leader may actually just say well you
know we can just copy those features or
copy that thing and take you out at the
moment where you're just starting to see
some traction.
uh this big fish small pond is
the vast majority of tech companies
that's the way they position when they
first launch. It's the easiest way to
get traction into a market. Um and the
idea is you wedge into a beach head
market where the leader is weak. It's
easy to do marketing because you know
all your customers kind of look the
same. So once you get a couple of
accounts, word starts spreading within
the community that you're the thing to
do just for that. And then if you can
win this beach head market, then you can
attempt to expand the borders of where
you win until you eventually become a
strong number two in the market and then
you wait for your chance to take the
leader out when they're weak. Um, if you
look at the history of Silicon Valley,
this is kind of where everybody started.
Like most of the companies that you know
and love today operated exactly like
that. Like if I think about Salesforce,
like they didn't just come into this
market out of now place. They came in,
they wedged into the very, very low end
of the market that was currently owned
by a big company called Seabull. They
came in at the very low end of the
market, which was SMB. Seable had no
coverage down there. They weren't
attempting to sell down there.
uh Salesforce came in absolutely
dominated the low end of the market and
then slowly slowly slowly began to creep
up and then there was 2000 bubble pop to
Seable was selling a lot of software
into banks insurance companies banks and
insurance companies backed off on buying
and this allowed Salesforce to sort of
capitalize on this weak moment in
Sevil's history take over a lot of that
mid-market uh you know seable got
acquired and now Salesforce is the
absolute juggern not in that market.
Most companies that you know that are
big well-known companies uh in Silicon
Valley sort of started that way and and
grew their way up. The last style of
course is this style where we create an
entirely new market category. And this
one um you know as I mentioned earlier
we tend to not use this one unless we
don't have any other choice. It's much
easier to position yourself in a market
that the customer kind of already
understands. Like again, if we think
back to what's the job of the market
category, it's to point a customer in
the direction of your value. That's much
easier to do if I give them something
that they already understand. For
example, if I say I'm an existing market
category like cola, but I am for dogs.
This would be a big fish small pond kind
of positioning action. And you can
leverage what the customer already
knows. They know what cola is. They know
it's brown. They know it's fizzy. And
then you say, well, it's for dogs. So
the, you know, the customer could kind
of imagine, well, okay, maybe it tastes
like bones. Like it's got to have
something that dogs care about. in a
create a new market category scenario,
you kind of don't have that. You don't
you can't say, well, I'm CRM, but for
investment banks and a customer and
leverage what the customer knows about
CRM. In this case, you're coming in cold
and you have to kind of explain what
this thing is when the customer really
doesn't have any touch point to go on.
In these situations, it's interesting
like if you look at people that have
that have successfully created market
categories, often the starting point is
to convince customers that they have a
problem because the reality is if
customers knew they had a problem, there
would be a category of solutions that
already existed to solve that problem.
So because if you are truly a new market
category, it's because people don't even
know they have the problem. So at the
beginning, what you're doing is not
selling your solution. You're not even
selling the category. you're selling the
problem. So, you have to convince people
that they have the problem. Once a
certain portion of the market realizes
like, yes, oh, we've been woken up to
the fact that we now have a problem.
Now, you got to convince them that this
problem is worth solving. And we're
solving right now over all the other
problems they have because customers
have a lot of problems. So, over all the
other problems they have, whatever, this
is worth solving. We're going to solve
this problem and we are the best people
to solve it. As you could imagine, this
is a long-term thing. Like a typical
category creation, if you believe the
data on this, I've seen some data that
says it's it's it's typically 10 years
to really establish a category of
software, a market category in the
market. Um, now the really scary part
about category creation in my mind is
that sometimes it appears to work in the
short term, but because it is such a
long-term investment
to educate the market on why this
problem exists, why the solution needs
to exist, why this deserves to be a new
category and it's not something else. um
just as the market is starting to
emerge, meaning at the point where
customers are starting to say, "Yeah,
you know what? We we have this problem.
We should solve this problem." And
people are thinking about it and talking
about it. Right at that moment is the
perfect opportunity for a fast follower
to come in and just wipe you out.
[laughter]
And so we know that this happens a lot
because you know this has happened to
most of the big companies that you know
and love. Um, like you know, Apple
didn't invent the smartphone. BlackBerry
was there for years until Apple decided
to come in, capitalize on all the work
that Blackberry had done, and wipe them
out. Facebook was not the first social
network. What about MySpace? That there
were lots of search engines before
Google came in. So, category creation is
it's risky. It's hard. Now if you pull
it off of course [snorts]
the theoretically the gains of this is
that you have designed this market
category precisely for your solution. So
if you are attempting to do this you
should define the market category in a
way that it would be very difficult for
a fast follower to come in and take you
out of that market for example. Um so so
these are the choices that we have. Um,
coming back to how we handle this in a
in a positioning exercise, like
sometimes I get the question where
people will ask me like, why bother
defining what our market category is at
all? And I've had a bunch of smart CEOs
come and ask me that question like why
bother naming it? Like can't we just say
what we do?
And you know what? In some cases, I
think you can like in some cases I think
I it's just as good to just kind of
descriptively with pros say we are a
solution that does this. Now, if you try
to do that, it's kind of hard to do that
without referencing a market category.
So, you end up positioning yourself in a
market category anyway.
But, uh but I do think in some cases
it's possible to do. Here's the risk
though like if you don't define this is
the market category that we're in. The
risk is that uh a couple of bad things
might happen. The first one is customers
will decide that you're in some other
market category that you don't actually
want to be in. And because you have not
defined what market category you are in,
they'll just put you in some other one
and you might not be happy with where
the customer puts you. That's one thing.
And it's not just customers. It might be
industry analysts, people talking about
you. everybody might just dump you in a
category that doesn't actually advantage
you at all. So that's no good. Um the
second thing is what happens internally.
So
we get asked the question so like what
are you or what do you do a lot and if
you don't have a really tight succinct
answer for that what'll happen is
everybody interacting with customers
will answer that question in a different
way and it'll be very confusing to the
market. uh in particular, your sales
team might start just making stuff up.
And again, in the same way that you
maybe didn't like the way customers put
you in a market category, you may not be
very happy with the way your sales team
describes a market category. If you
don't tell them exactly what to say and
say, "This is exactly what market
category we're in." In conclusion, I'd
like to say, don't overthink your market
category. If you're doing this inside
a positioning workshop, I would always
start with the category that you're
using right now and really examine that
to decide if that works or not. If it
doesn't, I would look at, can we put a
qualifier on it? Can we move into
adjacent market category before I would
even consider thinking about creating a
new market category? You may have to
create a new market category. If you do,
that's okay. Um, but go into it with
your eyes open. It's not going to be
easy. this is going to be a long-term
effort.
So, that's about all I have to say about
that. We're getting near the end of um
this little minieries where I'm covering
um the second edition of my book,
Obviously. Awesome. I've got one more
that I want to talk about, which is
things that you do after a positioning
exercise. So, how do we test our
positioning? And then how do we take
that positioning and turn it into things
that we want the rest of the team to use
like a sales pitch or marketing
messaging? And then I think maybe that's
it. Unless you folks have questions. So,
here's my email, april@apprdunford.com.
If you've been listening to these
podcasts and you have a bunch of
questions that I've never touched on
before and you think, "Hey, I wish April
would come on and do a podcast where she
answered question XYZ." Drop me a line
and let me know and maybe I will do a
couple extra episodes just to answer
people's questions. Anyway, that's it
for today. Thanks so much for joining
me. to see you next time.