Title: B2B Ad Campaigns That Actually Worked (From Five Demand Gen Marketers)
Author: Dave Gerhardt
Date: 2026
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zndx-XeoP0U

Transcript:
So, the problem in the tactic, we were
going to an event and we didn't have a
booth. Sales team freaks out. How are we
going to tell people where we are?
What's the point of this? Why are we
even going? How are they going to
recognize us? My answer, they're going
to recognize us the same way that they'd
recognize a booth through branding. So,
that beautiful airvet blue, our pens,
our logo. Um, we're just going to do it
all digitally before. So, I thought,
let's use our pens. Let's use our
creative. Let's use our logo and our
swag. HR leaders are our main audience.
So, we tested two ads. One, let's talk
at IBI, which was the conference. And
two, won a dog pen. Guess which one did
better on LinkedIn ads? It was won a dog
pen. We spent about $1,000 on ads. It
was a super small list. Of course, like
every conference, you are absolutely
contractually not allowed to email the
attendees before, but we got a full
list. So, we uploaded all of those into
LinkedIn ads and Vector. Um, and we also
ran kind of like all of our target
accounts in the area. This was happening
in Chicago. And did some lookalike stuff
in the area to kind of broaden that list
because there were only about 500
attendees. Not the best targeting list.
All right. Hey everybody. Uh, excited to
be here. My name is Dave. I am the
founder of Exit 5. We run the top
community in the world for B2B marketing
professionals. And I'm I'm just I might
just say it on the record because I want
to do this, but we really want want to
do this every Friday. And we had this
hypothesis. So, so, uh, twice a month we
do these Exit 5 live sessions where we
bring on subject matter experts and we
talk about important stuff in B2B
marketing beyond the hype from LinkedIn
because I think one of the most
challenging things right now is man
going on when I open up LinkedIn nothing
makes me feel more um insufficient or
not capable as a marketer like I cannot
keep up with the rate of change but then
there's this weird gap because then when
I actually talk to marketers and CMOs
and people inside of community of our
community the gap gap between what
people are actually saying, what the AI
creators are saying they're doing and
generating millions in revenue on
LinkedIn and actually what's happening
inside of marketing teams are two
completely different things. And so our
job here is to help you separate the
signal from the noise. And I think our
live sessions are a great way to do
that. Today's topic is paid. We're going
to talk about a bunch of great B2B ad
campaigns that we have. How many do we
have? We have one, two, three, four,
five. We have five marketers on here
that are doing real stuff. They're not
they're not AI creators. They're not
LinkedIn uh thought leaders who just
host podcasts like me. They're actually
doing the work in marketing right now.
They're going to show you a bunch of
great examples. Um the best part about
this though is that uh this is live.
Like this is real and the chat is
usually busy with other marketers just
like you and me. So um put your name in
the chat right now. Let me know. I want
to know where you're writing like your
name, where you're writing in from. And
I also want to know why did you join?
Why take the time out of uh the day to
give us an hour and hang out with us on
this session? And uh I got a really fun
guest host today. We'll bring her up in
a second. Jess Cook. She runs marketing
at Vector. And before we get into this
session, um I just want to give a shout
out to Vector for sponsoring this. You
probably have anonymous buyers lurking
in your funnel, people you can't
identify or follow up with, people you
can't target with any real precision,
and you end up throwing ads at job
titles and hoping the right person see
them. By the way, I made a joke last
night. This is unrelated, but we got a
we got the a CMO of a multi-billion
dollar company came through our funnel
last night and applied for one of our
products, but they used their Gmail.
Does that count? Does that count as a
lead or not? Like, do I need to go get
the work email? Um, anyway, Vector fixes
this problem. Not that problem
specifically, but instead of targeting
job titles and crossing your fingers,
Vector lets you build audiences from
actual people, the ones visiting your
website, clicking your ads, and checking
out your competitors, Vector lets you
pre preview exactly who will see your
ads before spending a dime. And when
someone clicks, you know who it was by
name, not just the company. And that's
so important. B2B buying cycles. I
learned the other day on a podcast with
the guy at LinkedIn. 2011 days is the
average buying cycle, right? It's
important to know these signals. So,
finally, you can stop reporting cost per
click and start reporting cost per ICP
click. That's a great little nugget
right there. The result is paid ads that
operate like ABM, only smarter,
targeted, personalized, and connected to
real pipelines. So, you may have heard
of Vector before this. You can go check
them out. Vector.co. They have a special
offer for you. They have an exclusive
offer for anyone here today. So, you can
test this out for yourself to see if
this is just good ad copy or or or you
know, bogus. Go and check it out after
this session. They'll send you um oh,
actually no, I have it right here. Go to
vector.co and punch in the code E5
reveal and they're going to give you a
free month of their reveal plan to let
you see who's on your site and clicking
your ads by name. All right, we did it.
Where's Jess Cook at? Bring her up here.
So, super excited for this session.
Jess, we got What' you think of my ads?
Could you h would you hire?
>> It was fabulous. And I will tell you
that we can actually fix that problem of
somebody using their Gmail. We can match
right up with their work email. So, no
longer a problem. Dave,
>> love that. We we can cold call that guy
and be like, "Yo, what was your work
email real quick?"
>> Right.
>> Uh super excited to have you co-hosting.
Thanks for helping us put all this
together. Can Before we get in today, in
your words, let's just give you the mic.
Tee us up. What do we got? We got five
marketers. What's the plan? What's the
format for today? running incredible
plays with ads, all very different from
one another. Every single one of them is
working. None of it is magic. All of it
is real stuff everyone here can do,
which is so exciting. And uh yeah, we
did a little dry run of this the other
day and I was blown away at what people
are doing with ads. It's amazing.
>> Me, too. I I was on the phone listening
in and I was blowing up Dan because I
was like, "This is the stuff people
want. They want the real examples."
Literally, every week I get emails from
people. We need real examples. We need
real examples. So, um, without further
ado, let's get into it. So, every every
every person is going to have
>> How many minutes did we decide? I think
seven. We're going to show you what
they're actually doing. Now, this is
where I need audience participation.
Number one, I want you asking questions
um in the chat. Sure. But put them in
the Q&A. We have questions that we're
going to do with everyone at the end.
So, not only do we want to show you
examples today, but we want to help you
with your ads. And so, we have a amazing
group of people here who can do that.
So, put them in the Q&A. We can sort
them by up votes. We'll do that. uh add
your feedback, questions, comments,
notes in the chat and then also we're
going to pick a winner today and uh we
have a prize at the end that we're going
to give them and so I want you all to
like help us vote at the end there. Now
um one last thing I just shout out to
anybody that's here today. I want to try
something new. Uh we all use LinkedIn.
We love LinkedIn. If you go to LinkedIn,
take a screenshot during this session
today. post it on LinkedIn that you're
here right now like, "Hey, I was on the
Exit 5 live session about, you know, BB
ads and I learned X, Y, and Z." And
we'll pick three people. We're gonna
send you hook you up with a bunch of
Exit 5 swag. We have these really cute
swag boxes that we send out and I want
to do that to you. So, all right,
without further ado, uh, we got Cindy
first up on the clock. Jess and I are
hanging out. Sarah Reese says, "Yay,
prize. Let's do it."
>> Thanks, sir. Thanks for adding this.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> You're welcome. You're welcome.
>> All right. No, that was like I'm like
you guys can hear me, right? Uh
>> awesome. Thanks. I'm gonna go first. Let
me clock time. We're at six minutes.
Okay, let's go.
>> Um I'm Cindy Dubon. I You may know me
from Coldcast, uh where we are video
content platform.
Um
we're gonna Yay. Okay, I'm going to get
my slides here. Uh, so I'm so excited to
walk you through um an $8,000 campaign
that generated 700,000 in pipeline. And
I'm just going to break down uh what we
did. So to start um this is oriented
around a product launch, relaunch if you
will. So we have a product called
Content Lab. It helps you repurpose all
of your video content. If you have not
tried it, please go and try it and send
me all your feedback. But our thinking
here is like product launches, there's a
typical motion. You're like, "Hey, this
is our new product. Here's all the cool
stories that we've sourced ourselves."
And so we could post it from our brand
accounts, but aha, we market to
marketers. And as being in a room full
of marketers, we all know how fun it is
to market to ourselves, how picky we
are, and how we're just like, "No, no,
no, no. You don't deserve my time. We've
all run the the play, right?" So, um,
funny enough, I was like walking into
this role and I happened to also oversee
influencer marketing and we were in a
place in the business where we're trying
to connect the dots, um, in terms of
like how to make influencer marketing
work. And so, we're like, hey, how do we
buy? How do you consume content and
basically distilled it down to the fact
that we tend to buy from people we know?
Uh, we spend a lot of time on LinkedIn
and so let's see what we can do here.
Um, keeping us moving. So the the way we
kind of approach this is like product
launch plus influencer program and then
how do we pair that with paid
distribution because you know I can
easily just post from the organic uh or
the goldcast page and just promote that
as an ad. But the reality is is like I
never really engage with that. It has to
be a really really good ad to engage
with it. And typically I'm engaging from
folks like Jess and Dave. I'm seeing
what people are commenting on their
posts. And so we're like, let's see if
we can, you know, kind of hack that and
make that work for us. I got money to
spend. I got to spend it on ads. And so
maybe we can make this
>> if you keep putting 7K into 8K into
700K, you're going to have more money to
spend.
>> I mean, this is the problem, you know,
once you start throwing numbers like
this, you know, the CEO and everyone's
like, "So if I give you more double,
you're going to I triple it, right?" And
I'm like, like, don't look at all the
other campaigns that didn't yield this.
So, uh, this is actually our top our top
we did like analysis. There's five top
performing campaigns. This was the one
that generated like the highest um ROI
from spend to pipeline and then to
revenue. Uh, we run a number of
experiments, but this one we're looking
for people who use the product. You
easily, we've definitely tried using
people who don't use the product,
doesn't work as well. So, we want to
find people who genuinely love the
product. We let them post it themselves.
We get a lot of questions of like, are
you telling them what to post? you're
telling them to do. No, it's very a
loose brief. Here's why we think content
lab is great. We'd like you to talk
about it. Talk about how you'd use how
you use it in your day-to-day. And then
um we're really tight. Our point of view
for ads is we do not want to spend a
dollar on an account that sales is not
prioritizing. And so for the most part,
bulk of our spend is spent on target
accounts and then the rest of it is on
retargeting. Um let me keep going. So we
send a brief with talking points. Uh we
agree on a timing, right? because you
don't want people posting like 3 months
later. We're all kind of targeting the
same window. Um and then the targeted
account list. So we picked four folks,
one of which is our very own Kelly. Um
I'm going to show you two ads, but it's
from Nick and Dylan. And then Devon Reed
is also um a big content leader in the
space and they are kind of they have
unique point of view on how they use the
product and how they are encouraging
others to think through it. Um our
audience here are marketers, senior
manager and bup demand genen events
marketing uh typically at mid-market and
above companies. We quantify that by
employees. Um I'll take a a pause here.
So um I mentioned we do target accounts.
How we do that is we use intent signals.
So 6 cents. We actually don't use six
cents anymore, but we had six sense. We
use Clay to search for um criteria that
we think our ICP tends to have. They
have video on their website. They do
webinars. They're active in events. um
job changers. We're tracking those
things. I will do a quick plug for
Vector, our sponsor, Jess, because I I'm
a very very happy customer. Um but since
we've gotten Vector, we you know, our
initial use case was deanonymizing
visitors and I think we've moved beyond
that. Like that's great that you know,
we only pay for the traffic that we want
to see, but Vector has really allowed us
to take another atbat at our audience.
And so our mindset has really shifted
from just like deanonymizing visitors
and going after them and instead um
building target audiences and you know
if they didn't convert for that webinar
and they didn't register like how can I
market to them again? Can I take my
webinar content and make maybe produce a
guide and promote that guide? Maybe it's
a blog. Um so all that to say we're
we're really challenging our thinking
behind like just an de anonymizing
visitors and creating segments and
creating ad segments. um and bringing
specific ads to them. And then of
course, like if we've already got their
business, we're suppressing that.
Oh my gosh, I'm gonna be out of time.
So, these are two examples um of the ads
we
>> break a rule real quick. Uh what was the
total like you spent seven grand on the
total camp? Was that influencers and ad
spend?
>> No, that's just ad spend. So,
influencers um I will be honest like
sometimes you ask people and they'll do
it for free. I advocate for paying for
people, especially ones that are going
to amplify your product. Um, but it
rang. So, for this one specifically, I
believe we did like 500 for a text post,
static post, and then we gave I want to
say a thousand for a post with a video.
These both both actually have videos.
I'll drop the link so you can see it
later cuz I know I won't have time to go
through it, but like very natural. These
are things they normally post. This is
not goldcast prescribing what to post.
All we asked was like talk about content
lab and talk about your experience with
brand voice which was a new feature
within content lab. Um and so you can
see here both of their approaches and
then
what else? Um so we wanted the audience
to try for themselves. So one of the
tasks here was like what was the offer?
Literally all we wanted them to do is
like promote content lab and go check
out content lab. You go to content lab
you can sign up for a free trial. No
sales conversations needed. I don't want
to talk to a salesperson even though I
myself am pedaling a product a lot of
the times. Um but we knew we had the
confidence that once you try it um you
will like it and appreciate it for
yourself and then we are able to track
the trials with the UTM links we gave to
our influencers. Uh so text I mentioned
six sense clay vector LinkedIn these are
thought leadership ads and then we are
able to track attribution from a source
standpoint through Salesforce and then
we now have hockey stack to give us like
the holistic picture of all of them
through the journey. Um, and so to
recap, 8,700K in pipeline source,
400,0001. I will say this stat is for
the entire year. This is one campaign of
many that we went ran. So, ton of
failures, but also like very very proud
of this. Um, so I think to recap, I
think who you pick matters. Letting them
do their thing matters. People can sniff
out salesy stuff. If you're very
prescribed, you lose the impact of it.
uh we weren't spraying so really tight
on the list and we're retargeting folks
that we know are on our website engaged
with our events. Think about it like
these are people that have interacted
with your brand. Here's another at bat
with them and then ultimately like the
offer match to ask and so like we're
promoting content lab go try it for
yourself and that was it.
>> Any questions drop in the link find me
on LinkedIn this is you have no idea how
hard this is. I'm scribbling down
questions I'm typing to the team in
Slack. I have 15 questions and I'm not
allowed. This was a mistake.
>> Format of this was a mistake. I should I
should be allowed to ask questions right
now, but we can't. We'll come back to
it. Cindy, I got questions for you.
We're going to come back. Great job.
>> Thanks, guys.
>> Okay. By the way, another great feature
of this like these are all real people.
Like, um, go find them on LinkedIn. If
if we don't get their your your question
answered directly, go find Cindy,
connect with her on LinkedIn, send her a
message there. And, uh, all right, let's
keep it moving. Next to the stage, we
got uh, uh, Kelly, a ve a vector. What
do you What do you What do you call the
vector? What do you call vector? Ve V ve
V vectorans. Vector. You all have a
name.
>> Come up with a good name.
>> No, you don't. I think that's the most
overrated thing in the world.
>> Yeah. Yeah, that's true.
>> All right, let's go. Kelly's going to
talk about B2B surround sound. I love
that framing. Set it off.
>> Awesome. I've got seven minutes to take
you through my first seven weeks at
Vector, which
>> this campaign right here. We're
>> Yeah, we're gonna we're just going to
tackle it. And honestly, we're
mid-flight. Like, this campaign is live.
It's already producing results, but
we're still running it for a bit. So,
we'll report more on that as it
develops. Uh, we developed a hypothesis
around taking the queue from B to C,
kind of the idea of surround sound
strategy, hyperargeting towards your
buyer persona. And we did it across
connected TV, YouTube, LinkedIn. So, I'm
going to talk about how we set that up
and some of the results that we saw. Um,
our hypothesis was that surround sound
towards a precise contact level audience
with really sharp creative would produce
pipeline and it has grass and and
actually in a month that we weren't
expecting to have a lot of pipeline. So
surround sound means showing up across
multiple formats with a hyperargeted
audience, contact level precision and
the the unlock here is having one
targeting layer that extends across
multiple campaigns, multiple channels.
Um so the setup for us is is one core
ICP audience across four campaigns. Um
so when I say ICP, Vector has a data
source of millions of contacts and
essentially we we take that and we give
it sort of the dimensions of who our
buyer percenters are, who are the people
that would be interested in the type of
things we solve for. I optimize for
about 120 to 180,000 target size um just
to control our spend and to try and get
as much reach as possible. We ran
connected TV via LinkedIn. Not a lot of
people know that you can do that. The
advantage of doing that is you get to
use hyperargeting on LinkedIn's both
native controls and with thirdparty
audiences like Vector. And then we also
use that same audience across YouTube
ads, brand solution ads, thought leader
ads. So we're using the same audience
hitting them with different messaging,
different content all at the same time,
building kind of that surround sound
idea. And then one other kind of pro tip
is we also um because LinkedIn uh
connected TV has a a slight augmenting
of the audience that gets included, we
also got very tight on what we allowed
and then retargeted uh those CTV viewers
into our other campaigns as well. Um on
the creative, so uh we had a couple of
different angles that we went with it.
The first thing is we worked with an
agency. We spent about 35k to develop
four videos. Um, we felt really
confident in those videos because they
landed really well on organic and also
when we ran them in YouTube, we could
see we're over 82% which is fantastic
for B2B. Um, so we that was kind of the
the anchor for a cold audience is like
we wanted to start with this that was
really oriented around our brand tone.
It's very humorous. The big theme was
marketers will go at any length to get a
lead. And then um as at the same time we
also hit them with our kind of brand
solution ads and thought leadership ads.
So at the same time they're kind of
getting credibility from thought
leadership but also learning about like
really what our solution does in a more
granular way. And I think these three
play really well together actually. Um
but the the to me that the biggest thing
like we could talk about optimizing
campaigns, we can talk about all the
sort of things you need to do to be set
up structurally, but creative is king I
think in B2B in particular. And I think
the reality is if you're going to show
up everywhere, you better be with worth
watching. So, uh, we we invested a lot
of time into making sure our creative
actually represented our brand well. And
I think that's actually why it's doing
so well. Um, the results here early but
promising. We've had about 34% net new
traffic. We had about 22% uh increased
sales demo requests and an increase of
41% on pipeline month over month. We
also delivered on premium channels in
CTV. That's another kind of thing with
LinkedIn that I really like. You have
about a thousand channels you can you
can broadcast to through LinkedIn
connected TV, but you can also use
inclusion and exclusion list to really
narrow that down to premium channels so
that you know that you're hitting your
ICP directly on the right kind of
channels that uh provide the best kind
of brand recall and brand affiliation.
So the playbook is really simple to get
started. Um start with one core
audience. We use Vector ICP to do that.
optimize at that 130 to 190 kind of
scale. Um, invest deep in creative. Um,
and and another thing to know there that
we not only do we have to budget kind of
for the the video itself, but we also
have to budget for actor renewal rights.
Um, something to just keep in mind, we
can talk about that if anyone wants to
hit me up on LinkedIn. Um, go a
multi-channel simultaneously. Uh, close
the loop on your retargeting. So, make
sure that any kind of adjacent buyer
committee that gets included in CTV uh
gets retargeted as well. and then
control your placements. So we
handpicked premium CTV channels um and
you can learn about that on your
LinkedIn marketing reps if or you can
reach out to us. And then obviously like
we tried to measure what what matters.
So for us like we were looking
specifically on the effect of how much
traffic are we driving to website and
how much of that traffic is converting
to those.
>> You did the you do CT directly. LinkedIn
has a integration that you do it all
through LinkedIn. Yes,
>> because I was I was I say how do you
retarget like who viewed your you know
if I'm sitting on my couch watching the
golf on a Sunday and I see a vector ad
how do you know that I saw that and then
you retarget me?
>> Yeah. So um you can build a retargeting
list based off of who views your ads on
connected TV directly through LinkedIn.
So, so the two things to know about CTV
is you build that on brand awareness um
as the core campaign objective in
LinkedIn, but then as that as you have
viewers that view it, you build a third
a retargeting audience within LinkedIn
as well.
>> Hey, Kelly, can you share with everybody
here um the budget that we had on this
because I think the assumption is you
have to have hundreds of thousands of
dollars to do something like this.
>> Yeah. Yeah, that's a great question. Um
we were aiming to spend 30 to 60k on
connected TV over a couple of months. We
started seeing momentum pretty earlier
around 10K and right now the campaign
has spent about 15.
>> It's so interesting. This is just a meta
observation. We've been doing these for
a long time now. I've been doing this
for four or five years. Host a million
podcast webinars. Like we all the number
one question always is like how much did
it cost, right? Whether it's a PR
agency, uh LinkedIn ad, like it just we
we just think budget first, I guess. You
know, it's like that matters. What is
what did it cost?
>> I think is like, could I do that? Is it
re is it like realistic for me to be
able to do something like this? Do I
have that kind of money? Right.
>> I'm about to go fire up some some I'm
about to growth hack some CTV Exit Vive
ads myself on the flight to Arizona.
Let's go. Let's get this thing up on TV.
Uh last thing, sorry, Dan. Uh I got my
MX, by the way. I'm rogue. I'm not on
ramp. Um, I also think another variable
here, just want to say this out loud, is
like this, one of the reasons, my guess
why this is working is like you your
brand stands out. The the whole ghost
mascot thing, it doesn't feel like these
highly branded onbrand CTV ads, uh,
which is a entirely different topic. So,
uh, great job, Kelly will be in the chat
in, uh, Cindy just set us off with a
great thing. She's been in the chat
going hard answering everybody's
questions. So, Kelly, now your your
turn. Go get a drink of water, go
backstage, go answer everybody's uh
questions in the chat, and we'll bring
up uh we'll bring up Jeremy here for for
our next uh
next ad. Jess, you can't you can't vote
on that one. We're I'm removing you from
being able to vote.
>> I'm excluded.
>> All right, Jeremy, thanks for thanks for
joining us here live uh on uh Exit 5
Live with Dave.
>> Thanks so much, Dave and Jess. And uh
I'm really excited to be here. I'm
Jeremy Chung and I'm the founder of AS
byJR, a performance marketing agency
where we build revenue focused paid
media programs for B2B that want every
dollar tied to pipeline and AR. Uh we've
worked with a lot of brands, Door Dash,
Postmates, Harvey.ai.
Uh really excited uh to to share the
playbooks. Uh but just want to say a
huge thank you to exit 5 for putting
this together and huge thanks to uh
Vector for having me on this. Excited to
share the plays. Uh just going to run
through the agenda here and uh
>> we are going to start with the tactic.
And so the tactis tactic is that we
built this sort of similar to Kelly's
this surround sound uh campaign to book
meetings with venture capital general
partners, managing directors, operating
partners, uh the people who decide which
agencies their port codes work with. And
so the whole strategy is that we have
these different touch points that we
engage with them. We're never going to
give them that, you know, book a demo
kind of ad or, you know, talk to us
right now, but we want to aim to keep it
conversational. So, never pitch, always
show value upfront. And so, the whole
strategy here is to actually do the
audit of a portfolio company within
their uh their ecosystem. We use claude
to uh do the entire audit. Uh make it
look at the meta ads library, the Google
ad transparency library. No, my approach
here is a bit different. It's very
scrappy. It's really going much deeper
into what do we see within those
portfolio companies? What are the sort
of maybe the data lake uh the data
infrastructure issues, the conversion
action issues? Uh what type of martekch
are they using that's maybe antiquated?
that kind of speaks to their issues.
Sometimes we see that their martekch
stack is redundant and that um you know
those those martekch signals are
actually very uh public and you can
actually see what are the issues going
on uh even from the outside. So we we
take a look we do this audit uh it's a
very kind of a mixture of a manual
process as well as automatic being that
we have cla to look into those. Um we
have five channels. Uh the main channel
here is the direct mail piece. And so
over this 21-day sequence, we have the
Loom audit that we serve them via email.
We also serve them that uh on our first
touch point which is the uh the postcard
and that postcard is what they receive
to to basically
uh have the first touch point introduce
ourselves but also have a QR code in
there which I'll I'll let
so I'm going to go through the full
system what triggers the outreach uh who
we're targeting what we actually send
them where it converts and the tools
that run audience
here. Uh pretty straightforward as
general partner level decision maker
makers at uh VC firms, PE firms as well.
Uh and the pain is really knowing what
portfolio companies they know portfolio
companies waste ad spend but don't know
who to trust to bring down the cost. And
so that's where we step in. uh we step
in and we say, "Hey, you know, we've
seen stuff about your portfolio
companies and we know exactly what are
the pain points that they're that that
they're experiencing, where they're
wasting spend, and where we can step in
to essentially help them save money. Uh
we typically work with companies that uh
spend about 100k a month on the very low
end. And so these these companies are
really looking to save a lot of money.
We use clay uh as well as claude to
enrich the data so that we can collect
everything and claude is a very very
important part so that basically that
connector and you have to be very
careful with this uh what accounts
you're connecting but claude is that
connection between uh the ad libraries
as well as uh basically like getting
getting into deep into the ad libraries
so that you can figure out what the heck
is going on. For the ad creative, we use
two touch points here. This is the main
thing I want to highlight upon.
Postcard, it's $150 per. We send out
about 1,200 of those. We have the
booklet, which is 35 and $35 that is not
received by everyone. That's only
received by people who uh scan the QR
code. So, we're tracking for a QR code.
uh we're having a unique link to each of
these QR codes and then we're sending
those people who view our Loom link to
basically get this audit that appears at
their front desk, appears at the HQ. Um
so yeah, after that we have that
surround sound uh part uh which is the
retargeting ads, the email sequence that
continues to push forward that value. um
the LinkedIn retargeting. We invested uh
I believe it was about 3K or so into
that uh thought leader ads sharing
specifics about what they received in
our paid media tearown kind of being
almost like you know creepy as to what
we're seeing in the back end there uh
with their data infrastructure with
their creatives with their targeting
etc. And then we have social proofs from
our our CMOs that we work with about the
specific results.
Um, so I'm just going to skip this for
sake of time tools. Clay uh for the
enrichment of the data, Apollo for the
outbound email kind of considering
instantly as well. Uh, Loom is very key
here and Claude is uh really deep into
the research there. use Vista Print for
the direct mail as well. And here are we
we are at the results coming up at time.
Uh we have we sent out 1,200. We got
meetings booked uh in front of these VCs
with 22 of them. We spent about 11.5K
uh and closed one is about 324K.
Um with each deal averaging at about
9,000 per month. Um so yeah uh we have
cost per meeting booked at around 500.
So this is something that uh has
consider uh contributed a considerable
amount of revenue to our agency and uh
definitely going to experiment with it a
bit more um and see what we could do to
tap into more uh intense signals and um
kind of move the pipeline velocity a bit
faster.
>> Nice work, dude. Um question on the
direct mail. So so direct mail is
hitting.
>> I think the hypothesis on why my
hypothesis makes a lot of sense. Mail is
still mail is still exciting for some
reason. My kids run and get the mail. I
get the mail. Direct mail works. Uh we
did some direct mail recently. One of
the challenges for us was like how do
you know a lot so many people especially
in B2B like they're working from home.
How do you know the home versus office?
What did you use to get the the address
match?
So I just use clay to enrich the data.
So the clay agent um uh basically you
can get their HQ. In terms of the home
address, there's different tactics. I
mean we can you can use Synindoso to ask
them for their home address. Um we
prefer not to do
>> Hi. Hi, I'm this is a cold email but
just curious what's your home address?
>> Right. Right. Exactly. Yeah. You don't
want to do that. It really depends on
how much you've warmed them up and how
much you know like this particular
audience would be so close to doing
that. So definitely definitely very be
very careful with that.
>> Cool. All right, Jeremy will pop in the
chat right now a bunch of questions in
there. He can get in there. Nice job.
Way to go.
>> Great job, Jeremy.
>> Thanks for thanks for bringing some
Danzel Danzel Hod bothered. CTV and
direct mail not your average B2B
advertising.
>> A little unexpected. And I feel like
it's like, yeah,
>> I disagree with both of you. Like,
everyone has talked about direct mail
and B2B for forever. There was like 15
gifting companies that were created in
the 2010s. Anyway, side note. Uh, all
right. Let's get Tess up here.
Dude, we need music next time. We need a
house DJ.
>> Rest glasses in the biz.
>> Yeah. All right, Tess. You got You got
the mic, sister.
>> Oh, I don't think we can hear you, Tess.
Can you hear me now?
>> Yeah, you got it.
>> Yeah. Okay. It always starts like a
Ouija board like, "Can anyone hear me?
Is anyone there on the other side?"
Um, so I'm Tess. I'm the associate
director of marketing over at Airvet. If
you haven't heard of Airvet, we're like
Teddoc but for pets. So, better than
Teddoc.
>> Just Just a quick question. How do the
pets call you?
>> Pets are calling you. So, basically,
similar to Teldoc, you can get connected
to a vet in a minute or less um via chat
or video and it works as a work benefit
just like Teldoc.
>> Okay, dad joke right over your head.
Keep going.
>> I know. I know. No kids, just for a
baby.
>> Well, you can still appreciate a
terrible sense of humor. Kid [ __ ]
>> Um but I will get into it. Um, I'm glad
we probably don't have any salespeople
on the call because I'm about to share
one of their worst nightmares. Um, what
happens and pens are very relevant here
when you don't have a booth at a
conference. So, it's every salesperson's
perceived worst fear and it was my job
to convince them it would w it wouldn't
be. Um, and featured here are some of
our our Airvet swag. The most beloved of
which are these, which are little docks
and pens. So, you wiggle their butts.
They have pens. It's like the best thing
ever kind of. Yeah, I know we talk a lot
about marketing to marketers, but
marketing for pets also kind of rocks.
That's pretty fun. Um, so the problem in
the tactic, we were going to an event
and we didn't have a booth. Sales team
freaks out. How are we going to tell
people where we are? What's the point of
this? Why are we even going? How are
they going to recognize us? My answer,
they're going to recognize us the same
way that they'd recognize a booth
through branding. So, that beautiful
airvet blue, our pens, our logo. Um,
we're just going to do it all digitally
before.
So, I thought, let's use our pens, let's
use our creative, let's use our logo and
our swag. Um, HR leaders are our main
audience. So, we tested two ads. one,
let's talk at IBI, which was the
conference, and two, won a dog pen. Uh,
guess which one did better on LinkedIn
ads? It was won a dog pen. Um, we spent
about $1,000 on ads. It was a super
small list. Of course, like every
conference, you are absolutely
contractually not allowed to email the
attendees before, but we got a full
list. So, we uploaded all of those into
LinkedIn ads and Vector. Um, and we also
ran kind of like all of our target
accounts in the area. This was happening
in Chicago. Um, and did some lookalike
stuff in the area to kind of broaden
that list because there were only about
500 attendees. Not the best targeting
list. Um, and then we made a landing
page. So to that slightly extended um
list, but don't use this landing page.
It was a total failure. We got zero
conversions. Um so even though we got
tons of traffic um and we know that
through Vector, we got zero conversions
on this page. And if we did not have
vector and if I was not as um stalkers
of bad word but if I was not as
dedicated of a marketer as I am, we
would not know the great results. Um we
had about 65% of all conference
attendees visit the web page.
>> Amazing.
>> You think do you think 65% of attendees
would have gone to your booth?
>> No. No way. We usually aim for about
35%. Right. Um, and I think it's all
because of this beautiful but very
simple. Can you tell we have like a
oneperson marketing team uh with that ad
creative?
>> We got Canva.
>> We defin that's all Canva, baby. And so
is this is Lead Pages. So shout out Lead
Pages. Um, but uh they had all seen this
page. We grabbed them and we sent them
individual emails because we could kind
of prove that they had visited us. They
had poked at us. And so we let them know
Sugar, one of our team members um dogs
would be on site. We offered to get
coffee and we got that kind of intel
beforehand. The results and there's our
beloved Sugar and some of our sales team
members. Um everyone was looking for the
Airvet booth when they got there. Um
there were rumors that they were
approaching some pet insurance or not
pet insurance for pet tellahalth. Um,
they were approaching other pet
insurance booths being like, "Where are
the dog hens? Where's Airvet? Why are
you green and not blue?" Um, asking for
contacts, asking for our salespeople by
name. Um, the sales team showed up with
clear airvet branding. Everyone was
wearing blue. Everyone was wearing and
had swag featured in the ads. Um, and of
course a dog and all those dog pens
ready to hand out. So despite not having
a home base at the conference, the sales
team managed to have on-site meetings,
they weren't distracted by having to
booth babysit and they were busy
throughout the 2 and a half day
conference, even completely filling out
the postevent happy hour that we hosted.
Um, so the real thing everyone cares
about, what were the results? We had 11
on-site meetings. Postevent meetings we
had five. We have three open deals. The
rest of all closed. Our total ROI was
over 2,000% but proving to sales they
don't need a booth. Absolutely priceless
and total spend it was 11,000 for like
sponsorship and TN and this ad campaign
was a was a grand.
>> What was like what was sales response
after all this? Like I I want to know
like what did they actually say? Thank
you Tess. Which is like it never
happens. When's the last time a sales
person
>> No. And it and it built that trust. Um I
always say I come from I come from a
family that believes in the sales
marketing um partnership. My mom worked
in sales. My or my dad works in sales,
my mom worked in marketing. My sister
works in um sales at an AI company. I
work in marketing in pet teleaalth. So
proof that we can all live harmoniously
in one home. That's how we grew up. It's
the career choices we continued on. So
yeah, I think it's just you know a booth
is branding at its core. It's just
branding you can kind of stand around
and if your branding's good enough, you
can still stand around it online.
>> I I think there there just two things on
on you said. Number one, I think this is
so important regard like this Tess just
used this one example, but
>> when you can actually do something that
generates results for the sales team
when they are those are your
counterparts. That is the number one way
to gain credibility. It's like you can
show them all the PDFs and all the blog
posts and all that. Nope. This is how
you do it. We created an idea. We booked
11 meetings like out of thin air. Like
that's how they get you to work with you
on more stuff next time. And then I just
I love this. I I I love the scrainess of
like I don't remember if you said why
you didn't have a booth, but I I would
in my career it'd be like we're going to
this event. Okay. This would cost for
the booth. Like is there like a gorilla
marketing play that we could that we
could do here? Like we're sending three
sales people. What could we do? This is
the stuff that I love. B2B marketing,
B2C marketing, whatever. like this is a
perfect example of like scrappy,
creative, results driven, like um
awesome job. Love it.
>> Thank you so much.
>> Yeah.
All right, we got uh one more. We got
Richard and then we're gonna have some
time. So, we got Richard and then we got
a bunch of questions. I love the guests
being in the chat right now, but we'll
uh Erin has collected some of the
questions we didn't get to and I'll I'll
make sure we bring everybody up and we
have time to try to rip through any of
those as we can. So, um, Richard,
welcome. Welcome to the show.
>> Thank you. Thank you. I'm I'm happy to
be here. Hey, everybody. I'm Richard.
I'm the director of go to market and
growth at GoAppy. Uh, I'm here to talk
to us today about how we created a
multi- channelannel signal-based
strategy so we could stop overspending
on LinkedIn. Um, so basically, we just
wanted to stop giving LinkedIn all of
our money, right? Um, but before I get
into it, I just want to give a quick
anecdote. Um, and uh Dave, I hope you're
okay with me sharing this. didn't ask,
but um I first heard about Dave when he
was still at Drift. Um one of my
colleagues time had emailed Dave so many
times trying to book you for a podcast
that you finally responded with like,
"Please stop. This is getting weird."
>> So, see, this is not
>> Oh, I had to make
>> That's You know what's so funny? Okay,
so can I just tell you something? Like I
>> Yeah, 99% of the time I have learned now
like whether it's a comment online or
whether it's email just like do not
respond, do not respond. nothing good
comes out of comes out of responding and
every now and then I slip up and I just
like have to say something and this must
have been a perfect example. I had a guy
the other day, this guy, I don't know
what company is this, but someone has
emailed me with the subject line lunch
question mark like for the last three
weeks in a row every single Monday. And
I just replied to I do not want to have
a goddamn lunch with you. Take me off
your list. And I didn't even mean to
send it. And then I get all these spam
like these robo do you ever get these
robo texts like, hey, it's been a while.
How are you doing? Anyway, the other day
I just wrote back to someone. I'm doing
really, really, really bad. this is not
good. And I just wanted to see where it
goes. And I made the huge mistake. Then
I go on Reddit and what I learned is
that confirmed that I'm real. And then
now I get more texts. So lesson number
you don't don't respond.
>> Thanks.
>> I'm going to borrow the line though.
Please stop. This is getting weird.
That's just every pitch slap. Every
Yeah, I'm
>> The problem is like a lot of sales
people will try to then flip this like,
"Oh, I got a response signal. That's a
signal, you know, like like I don't it's
it's for a podcast appearance. Like I
don't know if you actually ever appeared
on that podcast, Dave. I would assume
not, but you know, it's like it's one
thing to be cold pitched for for
something, but it's almost worse to be
cold pitched for
>> my bad. I didn't know that one day you
were going to be here. So, my bad. All
right.
>> No, it wasn't for me. It was, you know,
it was for somebody in the senior
leadership at the organization I was at
at the time. So, it actually became like
a running joke. Uh, it, you know, kind
of humbled some people a little bit. Um,
it Yeah, this the email circulated as a
meme for months.
>> Awesome. So, so I'm trying to get back
on track here. Um, so I've been working
with Gohappy for for two and a half
years now. Our mission is to help all
frontline workers feel more valued and
connected so they can reach their full
potential and um and be live more
fulfilling lives. We've been working in
the frontline tech space since 2000. Um,
so it's in our DNA and um, like a lot of
B2B brands, uh, we have a very hard to
define, very niche ICP, um, which, uh,
presents itself in all sorts of really
fun problems despite the fact that
frontline employees make up 80% of the
United States workforce. Um, you think
that the people actually manage them and
are responsible for them are actually
very difficult to reach and you wouldn't
think you could reach them in
traditional manners. So that takes us to
our problem which our problem was like a
lot of other B2B brands 90% of our ad
spend is on LinkedIn and uh when 90% of
your ad spend is on a single channel it
means you are increased at risk uh if
there's any ad platform changes which we
had lucky us uh we had a 91% increase in
CPMs from Q1 to Q4 of last year so our
ad budget is going significantly less
than it was previously and uh our
audience penetration had dropped all the
way of 23%. So, in any given month,
we're only reaching about a fifth of our
of our total audience. So, combating all
of that, um we also saw another metric
that really concerned us, which is that
our uh meeting booking rate from
LinkedIn, which had historically been
pretty good, um it started to really
decline. It declined 36%. So, I'm
reaching a lot less people. I'm paying a
lot more for my ads and my booking rates
declining. That's kind of like the worst
combination of things, right? So I uh
kind of summarized this problem is that
we needed more at bats, right? We needed
to get more reach against our ICP um to
really try to resolve this problem.
So to address it, um we took a
three-step process um to make sure that
we're doing it the right way. The first
is we locked in our positioning. We work
with an a company called Pitchmaps to
really uh work with uh stakeholders and
key partners to get a really good uh POV
on how we should go to market with our
message. um and rerolled that into a
creative and testing plan that I'll show
here in just a second. We then also
worked with our head of sales to rework
our ABM approach. So we took our ICP
definitions in the clay. We scored
accounts on two dimensions which is our
ICP fit all the fun technographic
location formographic data and then our
first party intent and third party
intent from tools like vector. We end up
having like 13 different sources to like
measure intent. Um, and we scored up in
this crazy ass clay table and uh, we
decided, all right, sales, like we're
ready. We're ready to go. So, we decided
to test new channels um, and use Vector
in particular to expand to to other
channels like Facebook and and Google
Display. Before we did that, we wanted
to make sure that Vector was not full of
it, though. And so we did do a small
pilot on LinkedIn, use the company
insights tab and then also use other DN
automization platforms to verify that
the information that we're getting uh
from Vector was actually the right
right. So if they're telling me I'm I'm
targeting director plus and these
functions that that's actually who I'm
I'm seeing. So um when that pilot went
really well, we decided to scale
with scaling. We created what I call the
intent flywheel. And this is basically
really uh B2B retargeting. Um, but it
sounds cooler because I'm calling it the
intent flywheel. Uh, we kick our first
party uh intent data sources like vector
um key visits on our page like pricing
page, like uh on our guided tours that
we do via story lane. When that happens,
we send, hey, this signal to clay and we
put it on the company record and clayt
that clay table then syncs back into
HubSpot and we send that into our ad
channels often through vector. The crazy
thing is is when we're adding and we're
we're adding more ad budget to uh the
accounts that are showing us intent,
those accounts show even more intent.
So, it's like kind of like a circling
the drain type effect um to really build
up that um that type of engagement with
our our bottomfunnel accounts.
I did mention we did expand our creative
and web experiences. Um so, we started
off with uh tone and intent. you know,
moving away from some of the traditional
B2B, you know, language that's a little
less friendly and to more friendly tone,
such as like texting on the job.
Actually, that's what we want them to
do. Um, you're making them download an
app, like, have you thought that they
might not need an app at all? Or think
outside the inbox, which is my favorite,
um, that and it actually performed
really well. We also did multivariate
web testing with Crazy Egg, um, with
landing page, layout, copy, all that fun
stuff. But the results really did kind
of catch our team by surprise. The first
thing is um from the ad delivery
perspective by you know moving just uh
20% of our ad spend to other channels
outside of uh LinkedIn we actually uh
generated two times the impressions in
February than we did all of Q4. Uh we
hit a million impressions for the first
time ever. Uh which is really really
cool. Um our CPMs decreased by 75%. And
simply like put like getting your ads in
front of your target audience more can
really help. And in this case um we
generated 3.5 times the average amount
of pipeline that we would normally
generate in a month. Um and from page
channels directly is 5.2 times.
So if any final thoughts for y'all is
that don't overthink it. First of all,
if you aren't able to uh have adequate
account coverage in your ABM strategy,
you're it's not really an ABM strategy.
So if you're only getting 23% of your
audience reach in a single month, you
need to figure out other ways to reach
them. Second, validate, then scale. Uh,
really like the Vector team, but you
know, once again, I want to make sure
that they're right. Um, whenever you're
trying to make sure that you're you're
reaching the right people, it helps
before you put a ton of money behind it
to make sure that's actually the the
right people. And then last is first
party intent data. I love Vector's third
party intent data, but I treat it
secondarily. U, what's happening with me
and my website and the signals that
we're able to send when they're
interacting directly with me is much
more valuable. And that's really the
difference between um, you know,
creating that intent flywheel
So, thanks so much for the time, y'all.
>> Beautiful. Richard, which which ad
creative like was your top performer? Do
you know?
>> Um, so the ones anytime we featured a
phone to really make uh the point that
like we uh text your frontline
employees, you don't have to download an
app or anything like that actually
really performed well. So, we we uh our
new creative test is like, you know, if
we're doing same copy with the phone
featured or not a feature, just kind of
get that quick visual cue. Um, but like
the really quickwitted uh copy uh
specifically about like avoiding an app
download like really performed well.
>> So little sassy.
>> So heck yeah.
>> I didn't pay attention to anything after
the first slide if I'm being honest.
>> No, no, it's great job. Great job. Um,
I love the I love the headline like the
the that feels very like I I you know it
was it was on your brand but like the
copy was very intentional and you did a
great job. Let's bring the crew up.
Producer Erin, send everybody up here.
Send the send the marketers up here uh
real quick. This this is an expensive
meeting really quickly. Look at this.
There's a lot of pipeline and skills in
this in this room. Um uh okay. So,
couple things we Let's do rapid fire.
Aaron kind of recapped a bunch of the
questions and I will I'm just going to
see if you can give me like one or two
sentence answers. We'll give this to you
all after and we can try to follow up.
Um, specifically, um, Cindy, we kind of
hit on this like how much did the
influencers cost? Let me let me just
rifle through these and you can decide
what to answer. How much did the
influencers cost? What was the total
spend? Uh, why did you guys stop using
six cents? Did you build all of your
target audience lists outside of
LinkedIn? My question most important uh
you mentioned UTMs uh here and tracking
success with influencers and um we've
done a bunch of stuff like this in the
past and I've always kind of wondered my
only issue with like the influencer play
and LinkedIn uh and the UTMs is like
we're only now getting attribution on if
they click that specific link where it
could be like oh I I saw Goldcast
content lab you know three months ago
from Deon Reeds. Do do you think about
that in your ROI analysis on influencers
at all? Yeah. So, um, a lot of the other
questions I've already answered in the
chat. So, I'm gonna just take that last
one. Dave, uh, UTMs at the beginning
were like all we had and so literally
straight line, right? Did they like what
was the engagement on the post and then
how many people signed up for the trial
via the link, but now we have vector
where you layer on top of the page, you
can create another ad segment, you can
deanmize, you can see that. The other
piece of it is like we have hockey stack
now. So it's like giving us a holistic
picture beyond that one UTM like link.
But like 100% if you're trying to look
for like specifics you're going to lose.
It's going to be a failing program. But
when you're able to connect the broader
things like was there a spike in traffic
during this time? Did you notice more
hits to your website NQLs etc etc right?
And then again like like I mentioned now
it's more of you now have this target
audience that's engaged through this.
They may have not signed up for content
lab but you have other app bats with
them. So maybe it's not a content lab,
maybe it's like a webinar on content
repurposing and that's where you're
running an ad for that event or you're
deanmizing and targeting them that way,
you know, through outbound even. Yeah.
>> Kelly, what Kelly, what was your total
Good job, uh, Cindy and good job in the
chat, by the way, uh, Kelly to what was
your total budget? Is there a demand
kept and is there a demand capture
aspect to your campaign? Is there a
sales touch or book a demo retargeting?
>> Yeah, great question. Um, for the first
flight, again, we're we're kind of
mid-flight with this campaign, so it's
still ongoing, but our total budget for
everything for the quarter was 60K
roughly. Um, but we're and we're on
track to hit that right now. And then,
um, the second question was on the
demand capture. Yes. So, actually both
the thought leader campaign and the
brand solution campaign linked to a book
a demo form. Um, so we saw quite a few
conversions come through there as well.
>> Cool. Jeremy, how did you match your
target audience for direct email and do
your direct uh do your direct mail
providers provide matched uh audience?
>> Yeah, so I used clay to make sure that
the audiences were enriched and make
sure that the everything is very
accurate. Um so really relying on clay
for everything there.
>> Clay. Okay,
>> pretty much sure.
>> Clip that and send it to him. Um,
Tess, how did you get the full list
before the event without being a
sponsor?
>> We did sponsor. We just didn't have a
booth. So, we sponsored the like happy
hour the night before.
>> Nice. I thought you were you brought you
like, "Hey, would you like a dog pen?"
>> You'd be surprised how much that does
work.
>> I know.
>> Those dog pens turn numbers.
>> Uh, what tool did you use to create the
lookike audience? LinkedIn ads has one
like an embed tool.
>> Cool. Okay. All right. Uh folks, we need
your we need your help. Uh we're going
to roll a poll right now. I'd like to
pick a winner. So, uh Erin, let's let's
roll that poll. No pressure. Look, just
like my you know, we love you all.
Everyone's a winner here at Exit 5, but
like there is a winner. Like someone's
going to win. So, favorite campaign. Do
we know the prize? What is the prize?
>> Anybody?
>> The prize, Dave, is a Vector Swag Pack.
a Vector swag pack. That's
>> my shirt and uh ghost plushy.
>> Oh, nice. Uh I have two of those. Dog
destroyed one of them. Okay, so favorite
campaign. Wow. Uh look, shout out to all
you. You brought the heat. We're going
to turn this. This is going to be a
podcast episode. We'll share all this
later. Be on YouTube. Everybody can
watch later. But uh Tess, way to go,
Tess. No booth in person.
in person, you know, B2B play, wiener
dog, butt shaking pens. You nailed it.
>> It's the dog pens. It's the dogs.
>> Way to go. Congrats. You're the proud
new owner of a bunch of uh uh Vector
swag. Now, we are uh addicted to
measurement. You know, demand jet folks,
you all can appreciate that. Here, I
have one more last poll before we wrap
up. I just want to get a quick rating on
today's session. If you attended this,
this really helps us figure it out like
the right content, the right topics. So,
let's roll. Producer Aaron, let's let's
roll the uh the last poll here before we
let everybody jump. Uh just give us give
us a rating here. We do this in all our
meetings, so you could do fist to five.
It's really uncomfortable if you have to
do it in front of everybody. Um but here
we'll do it. What would you rate today's
session? Holy smokes. Uh that's great.
Lots of fives. Really good. All right,
let's give a shout out one last time. Uh
Cindy, Kelly, Tess, Richard, Jeremy,
Jess Cook. Uh I'm Dave Gart, founder
here at Exit 5. We'll have this on
YouTube, Spotify. It's on my podcast,
Dave's podcast. Also be in our
newsletter in a couple weeks. And go
find all these people. Connect with
connect with them on LinkedIn. And uh
we'll see you on the next uh one of
these. All right. I'm Dave Gart, founder
here at Exit 5. We'll have this on
YouTube, Spotify. It's on my podcast,
Dave's Podcast. Also be in our
newsletter in a couple weeks. And go
find all these people. Connect with
connect with them on LinkedIn. And uh
we'll see you on the next uh one of
these. All right. We'll be back six
months. Maybe we'll do another one. More
ads. Okay. All right. See you all.