Title: 
He Made $6M Selling AI Books for Children (And How You Can Too)
Author: Nathan Latka
Date: 2025
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8L1dbhlCcs

Transcript:
Can I ask how many sales total you have
so far?
>> Yeah, close to 100,000.
>> That's a ton. When did you launch?
>> At the beginning of this year. Uh we
only really started scaling uh very
recently, right?
>> Can I just do that math? I mean, can I
do 100,000 sales times 60 a piece? You
guys have done 6 million bucks in total
revenue life today.
>> I think this month, yes, we're in the
six figures. Everything else you see is
is customuilt.
>> Hey folks, my guest today is Ricardo.
He's the co-founder of Dream Stories,
harnessing generative AI to bring
immersive storytelling and image
creation to life. So I started noticing
this repeatable pattern that I that I
figured you can build services around
this, right? You know, something that
grows with you and kind of, you know,
matches the phase that that you're in.
Before launching the company in 2023, he
was VP of growth at a body scan startup
called Neco Health. Prior to that, he
founded a [music] snack company and was
a founding member of Spotify's US team.
Ricardo, you ready to take us to the
top?
>> Absolutely.
>> All right. People hear Spotify and early
and they assume you got rich off
options. Is that accurate?
>> Uh, fairly accurate. Yes. I was early
enough that it it made sense. Yes.
>> What year was that?
>> So I joined in uh 2009 I guess. Yeah.
>> Okay. Interesting. And um is it fair to
say because I want to understand the
build up obviously at dreamstories.ai.
Did you basically take a big chunk of
the money you made there and sort of
plow it into the new the new venture or
how did you think about that those
options?
>> Yeah. No, part of it. Yes. But I I did
start a few companies in between as
well. Uh that I've also had an exit for.
So So a mix of both, right? So So the
Spotify got the car and the house, you
know, and then the the other stuff got
the uh got the company going.
>> Fair enough. Okay. Let's let's not bury
the lead here. Let's get an overview of
Dream Stories first and then we'll go go
get your sort of history between Spotify
and Dream Stories. So what is
DreamStories.ai?
>> Yeah. So DreamStories.ai AI is um I
usually describe it as um either in the
Gent content studio or personalized
content studio. So this is actually an
idea that I had um you know it actually
dates back to Spotify funny enough from
uh you know I initially at Spotify I was
on the content team. So I dealt as you
can imagine with the the large catalog
we had there and uh I started noticing
that there was content in the platform
that was personalized. This could be
birthday songs or love songs or so
forth. And back then I had this thought
experiment if you will about I wonder if
one day we'll have you know Beyonce sing
a song for you or something like that
right and I this was this was really
just an experiment there was no sorry
thought experiment right there was no AI
to do it there was certainly not
generative AI uh but it's interesting
that throughout my career I've always
worked somewhat around personalization
and trying to do personalization at
scale as you mentioned I founded a snack
company where I was trying to do
personalized nutrition for people with
the body scanner which is actually a
company by Daniel E as well of Spotify.
We're almost doing the same thing in the
reverse manner. You can think of
healthcare as an artisan good, right?
You sit there and there's a doctor
across from you doing performing a
service for you 101. And with Neco
Health, we are trying to scale it right
at mass do a good service personalized
service at scale. And so dream stories
is is that is kind of a connection of
these things and trying to do that for
content. uh essentially because when
when as you mentioned I started the
company in 2023 uh this was around the
times you started seeing stuff like
stable diffusion come out uh you know
with the with the you know in mid
journey and so forth with the with the
image stuff and uh I when I saw it to be
honest I had this moment oh this is
the moment where these things actually
become possible because in the meantime
you've seen stuff like come up you know
the music generative music stuff
>> su n o
>> yes um there there's stuff like there's
a few other models out there that let
you create personalized music if you
will. I actually think this is is more
interesting for other use cases other
than music. Um and uh and that's kind of
we we built a company around the
experimentation around th those
contents, right? And so we decided to
start with the family content uh
particularly children's books uh you
know um as as a first market but
essentially we're building the the real
core of what we're building is the
platform that allows you to take a
consumer that is not technical right and
give them the ability to to create and
cons and basically create content for
self- consumption right of their own
family
>> interesting um and and I'm just trying
to think like what's the comparable
right so are are parents still buying ch
physical children's books for their kids
and are you going to go take that market
share or sort of how do you how do you
think about that? What's the revenue
model?
>> Yeah, it's actually so I it's not a
coincidence that you know things lined
up as I as you know as I looked at the
behavior at home with my own child and I
started noticing that my you know with
my family like we read to our to our son
um every night and I started noticing
this is kind of a recurrent behavior
that happens every single night. There's
something interesting about children's
content as well that is quite it's
repetitive to some degree. Um but you
know it changes after a while. So a
child will basically will want to read
or consume the same content multiple
times in the week and then move on to
the next thing. So I started noticing
this repeatable pattern that I that I
figured you can build services around
this right you know something that grows
with you and kind of you know matches
the phase that that you're in. It also
happens that I'm Portuguese my wife is
Swedish. So, we're, you know, similar
culture but different languages. And so,
I realize, you know, there's a lot of
people out there that we could create
content that it'll be hard to find in
stores, right? But to your question
about if I'm looking to take that
market, it's actually still a growing
segment. Uh, it's actually one of the
ones in in books that continues to grow
in part because parents want to get kids
away from tablets and uh, you know, and
that digital digital formats
particularly at bad time. Um but but you
know that's kind of how I saw an
opportunity to use that as an entry
market, right? But but uh also one that
is filled with sort of non what I'll
describe as non techchnic no sort of non
tech players you know as you can imagine
there's a lot of investment in video and
other formats. uh you saw Sora come out
you know with with a generative AI video
uh and I you know and I have no interest
in playing in a market that has you know
very diluting margins you know because
of this extremely overly wellunded
players you know bringing the the cost
either either to zero essentially so
>> what's the status right now on the
company are you pre-revenue post revenue
>> no we're we're postrevenue so we're
selling uh we the you know we've done it
in a very iterative manner right so we
basically wanted to get to market as
soon as possible with the prototype,
right? Uh, which catches a segment of
it. The the way I try to explain to
people is that you can imagine that
there's people that literally just want
to, you know, sit in front of the TV or
something and just watch be something
fat to them. And there's people that
have a lot of agency that want to create
their own their own stuff, you know, and
they'll go to trouble of doing it. And
we started with like a very simple
product where all you need to do is
really like submit the picture um as you
can see there. And basically we'll
create it will create a content for you.
Um, and as we evolving, right, again, as
we collect more data, we're evolving it
to be become, you know, give you sort of
more agency, right? Essentially, like
being able to be more tailored to to
what you want, right? So, we got a lot
of requests around this into essentially
making it better for um for the, you
know, more personalized in a way.
>> I I uh this is a company I just invested
in here in Austin, Texas, their general
store. So, maybe we'll get a children's
book about Ian and Jess, the co-founders
uh on this. Uh but this is this is
interesting. Uh
>> yeah, in this case you you will be only
for one of them but uh the first one
right we actually do allow multiple
characters in the book but you have to
currently have to do it one at a time
but
>> it's fine. Let's see.
>> I I don't
>> Yeah, I don't pay but we'll see.
>> Uh you can keep going. Uh and then
essentially after you create the content
and decided this is actually what you
want to do. You see it picked up the uh
the woman. Um uh but yeah and then later
you know if you keep going you know
eventually you will hit the pay wall of
life to create the the full book for
you.
>> Mhm.
>> Interesting. So you capture me as a
lead. Okay. You get my phone number so
you can follow up if you want and then
what I say the pay wall after that.
>> Mhm. Yeah. You're going to get to the to
the item.
We
>> give you 12 purchase. So what's the
total price going to be?
>> Yeah. With this discount will be 48.
Oh, interesting. Okay. So, are people
making their kid the hero
>> generally? Yeah, we have uh sometimes
pets uh but the vast majority will put
the their kid right.
>> Wait, so where's the pay wall? When will
I hit the pay wall? Oh, order book.
>> There we go.
>> Oh, I see. Is this accurate? So, you had
648 sales so far?
>> No, we have more sales. Those are
reviews, right?
>> Oh. Oh. Oh, sorry. Can I ask how many
sales total you have so far? Yeah, close
to 100,000. Um, those are Yep.
>> Wow, that's a ton. When did you launch?
>> We we I mean, we launched uh in uh at
the beginning of this year. Uh we only
really started scaling uh very recently,
right?
>> That's wild. I mean, and and was your
price always like 60 bucks a pop?
>> Yeah, we've actually played a little bit
with it. Um you know, sort of back and
forth. Generally, it's been around 60
$60. Uh but and that's the place we've
been sort of most comfortable with.
I mean, can I I mean, Ricardo, you know,
my next question. Can I just do that
math? I mean, can I do 100,000 sales
times 60 a piece? You guys have done six
million bucks in total revenue life to
date.
>> I uh uh you can do the math. I would I
will I will say that of course we have
some discounts like you mentioned the
the 48, right? So, if you want to get
accurate, we also have some volume
discounts as well that we do. Uh and so,
uh and so you fine, but still this is
impressive. I mean, fair to say even
with discounts, can I just say I'll be
really conservative. You've done over $3
million in lifetime sales so far. Mhm.
Is that is that fair to say? That'd be
like a 50% discount on the 60 on a $60
on average.
>> I'll say ballpark.
>> Okay. I mean, that's that's pretty cool.
I mean, I would not have expect when I
was prepping for the thing and I'm
going, "Okay, I don't know if they're
live yet." Looking at the website, it's
so so so simple. But then the first hint
that you were bigger than I thought was
when I saw the number of reviews, which
is incredible. What would you sort of
credit that kind of I mean, it's a very
simple onboarding process. I mean, is
that part of the magic? It's so simple.
It feels like magic.
>> Uh, correct. To be honest with you, I
always wanted it to be like that. You
know I in general the the companies I I
worked at I've always wanted to kind of
feel like end holding a little bit you
know kind of guide you through in a
linear path. Uh actually only recently
were able to get it that way. This is
kind of where you see this agentic
products going to where it's like you
know it just again takes you know it
doesn't make you learn you know a s
platform or whatever just just guides
you over. So that's kind of always
wanted to do. That's also where you only
started scaling it more recently, right?
Because we started essentially um being
able to um um to deliver this kind of
experience, right?
>> Mhm. I just I just want to make sure I
feel like I'm missing something, right?
Because I'm trying to once I hear what
your volume is, I'm going wait, holy
crap, how is he getting all this
traffic? So I stick your thing in ah
refs, but this clearly is not your
growth channel because you're you're
only getting about 61 hits per per month
via dream stores. Are you like I framed
into some other sites somewhere? How are
you getting all the all these sales? Uh
I mean we're getting a lot via via you
know via Facebook essentially. Uh so we
actually not not doing so so much uh so
much organic here.
>> I see. Okay. So so you're like you have
a community on tell me more about the
Facebook strategy.
>> Yeah. No I mean so one thing I've done
I've done quite a lot at um at uh at
Spotify and NF after was was paid
acquisition. Right. actually with with
Spotify we were extremely uh extremely
early like on the mobile mobile ad
networks and so on so forth. So it's not
a community, right? Most of it is
actually paid uh paid acquisition. Um
>> and that's one thing that also one of
the things I like about the the the sort
of the way I I built these things is or
the the category if you will is that the
competition tends to be very like
one-time oriented and uh you know if
you're doing sort of if you're doing
paid acquisition you know it's a bit
obviously it's a bidding model so you or
an auction model so you want to out beat
people. So, of course, it's kind of just
key to take something that is like a
one-time purchase and turn it into an
episodic thing that happens multiple
multiple times over, right?
>> This makes sense.
>> If you can do it, so of course if you
can do it, you can make the economics
work. Yeah.
>> Yeah. What So, I mean, you I got to dive
deeper here because there's something to
learn here. I mean, you've done paid
spend, it sounds like a lot of places,
and you're using it to launch your
startup, which is which is pretty
incredible in terms of a day one
strategy. Most people wait to do paid
ads until they have like a lot of scale.
So, I guess how do you know what you're
willing to pay on, you know, to get a 60
a new $60 sale?
>> Uh, how do I know? Is that the question?
>> Yeah. What What is your target? Like,
are you trying to spend under 10 bucks
on the ad, you know, to get the to get
the sale on on Facebook ads or under
five bucks? How do you get the the
ratio?
>> Oh, yeah. No, I would like to, right?
But what I usually tell people, and
that's that's as a litmus in every
single company I've worked, they said,
"Okay, you haven't done any any ads.
What do you expect your CAC to be?" I
usually tell that you should ballpark it
to around the the about ballpark around
what their AOV is, which is not a great
answer, but it tends to be the case.
Like the agencies a lot of the times
they kind of stop.
>> Just to be clear, Ricardo, for folks
that don't know the acronyms, AOV,
you're basically saying you should
ballpark that the the the what you'll
spend on Facebook ads is equal to the
average order value of the first
checkout. So $60 for you or $48 for you.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. But that's
that's like I said, if you're going to
start, right, you you want to budget the
you know, let's say you're aiming to get
50 50 sales per per week or something.
That used to be traditionally the thresh
the threshold until fa Facebook
considers that your campaigns are
learned. So does if you have to budget,
you kind of make the mats from that,
right? So if it's 60, let's ballpark it
to 60. Then of course, you know, why do
you do that? Well, because there's a bit
of arbitrage here. A lot of people use
bid caps and whatnot. And so they stop
bidding at at at when it crosses the
under the sort of the the one bar. Uh
and so like I said, if you're competing
in
>> under one
>> other than one row. So essentially this
idea of like you spend $60 to get $60,
right? So does you have a row of one,
right? Of course, by the way, you want
to have higher than that, right? You
want to have two, three, four, whatever
you can get, right? What I'm trying to
say is that a lot of the times there's a
bit of an arbitrage around one because
that's where everyone else starts stops
spending up until that point, right? And
um and so essentially if but if you can
take like something that is the again if
your competition is doing let's say 60
right if you imagine and and of course
you cannot beat above it because you
have either repeat behavior or so so
forth then of course you cannot beat
them and you can make the the the
economics work right and uh in this
category um you know not not
coincidentally the reason why I picked
this category is because there was there
was an existing behavior which was
gifting right around people gifting to
to others and you know and you can
search personalized books right there's
a category with a lot of products um
some better than others and does you
know the behavior was there my challenge
was essentially just to build something
that is that is better or slightly
better and be able to just outbe them
right
>> yeah what so what are what are the rest
of the economics in there like how do
you how do you really grow this thing
right because if you're spending 60
bucks just to get the sort of the
customer email right to try and resell
on the second thing but your margin also
gets cut a little bit too right because
you actually have to print and ship
these books Right.
>> Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, we do. Uh but like I
said, the the the upside of this is
essentially the the repeat purchases,
right? The essentially getting people to
do it. In this case, you're you know,
you you put an adult, right? But what
happens a lot of the times, and this is
actually one of the things where the
only people that I've seen doing it. We
have multiple characters per book.
>> Uh like I said, in this case, to add
both of them, you'd need to in the book,
you know, there's a button to add
someone else. So, what ends up happening
is that a lot of the times people will
add different members of the family,
cousins, so on so forth. And as a
consequence, they end up um they end up
uh you know, they end up getting what I
call reverse books. So essentially, can
I get the exact same book, but the other
kid is the hero, right? So they just
reverse it. Um and um it's a it's a
common behavior we see. Of course, the
stories are episodic as you can see
there. And um you know, we have a number
of templates that we created with with
artists, but you know, eventually I want
this to be infinite, right? essentially
and that's what we're working on the
infinite content machine that
essentially can you know you like
dinosaurs great you can have you know
you can keep on going with dinosaurs you
know for the rest of the journey right
>> how are you did you is this hardcoded
you're programmatically running the
economics on how to offer the discounts
or using some plug-in or API tool to
figure out how to drive up conversion
and and a on this page
>> no that's all in house actually we built
that ourselves
>> really interesting I imagine you built
some secret sauce into that that no one
else ask is is can is that true and if
so can you give us a hint?
>> You mean the the sort of the general
e-commerce stuff?
>> Yeah, I mean right there's a lot of
these tools that help you like drive up
AOV on the last page, right? Like you
know you know double the order, increase
the size, get one for your friend, you
know, a discounting, right? You chose to
build it from scratch for a reason.
>> Yeah. I mean, I've been So, the thing is
that there's a lot of things out there
that work very well for, you know,
e-commerce e-commerce sites or with a
with a lot of SKs and and, you know, and
sort of I wouldn't I don't want to call
generic products because I don't want to
imply they're less there's anything bad
about them. But in our ca in my case you
know we both kinko the snack company in
this one uh you know it's generally I'm
trying to build a service uh so
something that that essentially feels
more like a service and so does I end up
end up building a lot of stuff like that
is actually custom so what you see here
this is Shopify right and it's very
standard everything else you see is is
customuilt right it's not so we only use
really Shopify for the last last piece
and order management and so on so forth
>> this is super interesting
well I just have to tell you I mean when
we are prepping this like and I saw the
website like okay maybe he's pre-reving
or not because it just looks so simple
but once you get in holy mackerel
there's a lot of thought inside of this
thing
>> and and I have to tell you I think
you're actually in the AB test there
you're seeing a version that I like
least [laughter] so so I uh I wish in a
way I wish that you were seeing I was
like you're showing this and I'm like oh
I wish you was showing the the
>> how many AB tests are you running at any
given point in time
>> o uh it's quite a lot right the problem
is that you you know right now I can
tell running four the the problem is
that depending on what you're testing
you eventually start getting a lot
across the results and just start
needing needing a lot more scale to to
make sense of the you know of the of the
sort of the statistical stuff here.
>> What plugin are you using for this? A
lot of people don't like some of these
like review sites where they basically
own all your reviews if you don't pay
them massive amounts of money. What did
you use to build out this sort of all
>> Yeah, this I I'm glad to give him a
shout out because I really like them.
That's looks uh L O X. Um X. Yeah. Uh
yeah, I'm super happy with them. They're
very good, very good at getting videos.
Uh, as you saw, you saw some on the
funnel there. Um, they're, yeah, they're
actually a plug-in we use that we're
very, very happy with. It's also that
sometimes you deal with companies that
that you can just tell that they, you
know, they really go the extra mile.
They they mean business in a way, right?
And it's it's hard to describe, but if
you set up something with them, you're
kind of going to understand that, you
know, they're competent, right? I don't
know. We're I don't know if you're I'm
sure everyone has at some point dealt
with just companies that just oh in
this guy is just so bad. Looks looks is
like I'm just very very happy with them
and impressed with overall their their
funnels, their setup, their level of
polish. It just seems like they care,
you know.
>> I love that. I love that. This is super
man. I'm just I'm learning so much on
this. So, I know my audience is going to
love this. Um I guess let me get a sense
of how I just asked you how many AB
tests running. You said four. I mean,
how aggressive are you being on your on
your big channel like the paid spend
stuff? Are you comfortable sharing how
much you're spending like per month? is
is like six figures on Facebook ads or
or less.
>> Uh it's um yeah, it it honestly really
depends. I think this month, yes, we're
in the six figures, but you know, we're
kind of changing it uh often, you know,
oftent times like we we end up sharing
it back and forth.
>> Okay. And immediately people are going
to go, okay, this guy must have raised a
bunch of money to do that or he's just
he's really rich Pong and his own money.
Which one is it? Or did I miss an
option?
>> No, I mean again, if you make the
economics work, you don't need you kind
of need either, right? I I don't want to
I don't think there's such a thing as
like free lunch, right? So, I'm not
going to tell you there's, you know,
there's a golden pot here. You should
come eat it. But it does does take a lot
of uh it does take a lot of work, right,
to to build this uh uh to build it. So,
so yes, I did put a put some money. I
did raise a little bit of money, not not
a lot externally, but I but you know,
I'm essentially building an AI content
startup. Usually, there's extremely
capital intensive. And the difference
with me is that I chose to go a route
where instead of giving people, you
know, essentially for free that I
have to subsidize, let me come up with a
from day one a model that I can monetize
it. So while in a sense it's more I'm
building in a more conservative manner
if you think about it because you know
it's it also brings a lot of headaches
because I'm constantly having to balance
the long-term vision of what we're
building with the short-term you know
sort of economics. It's not always easy
uh you know but um but and it it also
feels more grounded right I think
sometimes one thing I see in some in
some uh startups is that let's put it
where they go for bust and that's
sometimes really good right because it
really works right but then other times
you know you see that they launch a
product and it doesn't stick and then
you know you spent all this money and
time building something that you never
had market validation right so I kind of
was a bit more some people would say
conservative in a good way some people
would say conservative in a bad way
right that you're being too conserv
conservative. Uh but that's nonetheless
uh what I've uh what I'm doing.
>> And what uh so are you comfortable
sharing how much you raised in your seed
round for this company.
>> Um to be honest with you, I never
shared, but I can tell it was less than
than a million externally. Oh,
>> okay. Okay. Got it. Okay. Well, look, we
I told you we would talk about your
where you're at today and then get your
story. I got so intrigued with your
story. I mean, your where you are today.
I didn't ask anything about your story.
Let's go just backwards for a second.
So, SP Spotify 2009, then you do KKO. I
believe you did what a 3.4 $4 million I
think raise there. It was a a
freeze-dried smoothie based off my
research. What happened to that company?
>> Yeah, with we raised more with Kinko. I
think that uh to be honest, top of my
mind, I remember maybe 20 or 30 million
total for for the company. Yeah. Uh the
f maybe you're talking about the first
round which was a 3 million 3 million
round 3 million seed round
>> the seed. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. No, it's it's still around.
I think that the uh you know with um you
know uh I basically I've always had an
interest in in southern nutrition and
food tech in particular. Um and so I you
know uh I I got introduced to a guy that
was making some experiments with it and
I saw like an opportunity to build a
service around it again as opposed to a
to a one-time thing.
>> And uh so that's what that's what I did.
Now the company moved a little bit away
from sort of the sort of direct to
consumer into sort of selling on on
retail channels. In fact, that's also a
plug I can make. You know, you should go
to Walmart or CVS and and buy it, you
know. Uh I'm still I'm still a large
shareholder in the company, so I would
appreciate that. Um but yeah, but it but
it moved away a little bit for or for
that um for for that um for essentially
those channels, right? And so
>> so your co-founder Thomas, he's he's
still running it then.
>> Absolutely. Yeah. And he's doing a great
job. You know, he's a I think I'm more
of a digital slashtechnology guy. He's
more of a traditional CPG guy. So we're
actually a great team in that regard.
But when the company, you know, we made
this decision together to move more into
retail and, you know, and I felt, you
know, he's the right guy to lead it,
right? And so does I stepped I stepped
down from the role, but you know, no uh
nothing bad happened there, right? Just
basically different direction for the
company that, you know, made more sense
for Tomas to to lead for the long run.
>> Yep. Yep. Super cool. Well, hey,
>> go buy it at Walmart. So I uh so I feel
like it was a good decision.
That's smart. Okay, cool. Um, last
question then I'll throw it over to you.
How many folks are full-time right now
at the business?
>> Yeah, we're very small team. We are uh
we're currently seven on the team. So,
very very uh very small team. Most of
them engineers um you know as as like
say as we build out the platform, right?
>> Yeah, makes a lot of sense. Are you
using any technology to drive uh all the
when someone clicks one of your Facebook
ads, they just go to your homepage or
are you doing like a bunch of funnel
testing there too?
Uh we do but it's mostly in house right
this similar to the platform we use for
for a AV test I mean we use it's not a
secret we use we use post talk for for
our data analytics and so forth also
shout out to them probably the best anal
I feel like every two years or something
there's a new shiny platform uh so maybe
in two years we talk and I'll tell a new
one but post is really good I would
really recommend it shout out to them uh
and so that's kind of what what we use
>> just to be clear postthog you're talking
po this one right post hog this is their
website, right?
>> Correct. Yeah. They're very funny, too.
Their website is not very serious, you
know. Unusual.
>> Yeah. Unusual for uh you know, B2B's B2B
S, but nonetheless, it's very cool.
>> It works. Yeah. So, that's part of your
tech stack. Look as part of your tech.
Any other tech thing that that you use
that have just blown you away that you
want to give a shout out to?
>> Um I mean, not new, right? But I think
Shopify is still very good, right? You
know, I I I'm quite impressed with the
product and we used it, you know, with
Kenko and and now for a very long time,
but that's not like the I I guess that's
not what your what your audience wants
to hear, right? Because everyone already
knows that. But still, shout out to
them. I think they they do a good job
and uh you know, they do what they do
very well.
>> Yeah. No, look, we we love the space. I
mean, you know me as podcast host
because that's how your rep reached out.
But my full-time thing is, you know,
we've deployed a quarter billion dollars
into companies as non-dilutive capital.
my own fund and we've just started
deploying money into Shopify uh
applications like funding basically ad
spend exactly almost exactly what you're
doing right um and just undercutting
[clears throat] Shopify money it's a
huge and powerful ecosystem so
>> uh makes tons of sense anything else
that you that I should have asked you
that I didn't over the past 15 20
minutes
>> uh you should ask me if I'm hiring
because I am hiring
>> yes I'm hiring um so please you know you
know you can email like jobsai
um what are you looking for otherwise
Uh I mean mostly engineering right you
know um
engineering particularly around AI right
machine learning engineers um or
whatever we're calling it these days is
it keeps keeps evolving um but
essentially that's what that's what
we're looking for right like I said
we're the the part of the business that
we discuss is very much what the what
the business is today right I I have
like I said this longer vision of like
where I believe content generally will
go in that spans beyond books and and
and so forth so you We need people to
actually execute it.
>> Yep. I love that. Cool, Ricardo. Well,
look, uh, appreciate you coming on and
sharing your story with us, guys. I
thought it was a simple website that was
pre-revenue. Turns out they've done over
three million bucks in revenue driven
mainly using Ricardo's brain when it
comes to using paid ads and their
Facebook page to drive a lot of traffic
and a really impressive almost a almost
a stupid simple onboarding process that
just feels like magic when you do it to
the point where you get a great
customized sort of book. Main use case
right now is kids, but who knows where
he'll take it in the future. He's got
his own kid. He's building this for
seven people full-time on the team under
a million raised. We'll see what happens
next. Ricardo, thanks for taking us to
the top. DreamStories.ai.
>> Thank you. Thank you. Nathan speaks.