Title: 
Office Hours: Instantly Upgrade Your Events and Webinars
Author: Rand Fishkin
Date: 2026
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L01ICWAay14&t=15s

Transcript:
And we're live.
>> Yeah. Hey,
>> look at us, Amanda. Back in the saddle.
How's your summer going?
>> It's pretty good.
>> Yeah, it was really, really fun having
you out to Seattle. It was kind of
amazing.
>> That was so much fun.
>> You know, it's funny. I didn't I didn't
even get to see your shed.
>> Oh, yeah. Interesting. Yeah. We just
worked inside. Uh, and having him meet
Casey was great. I'm so glad that
>> he's kerogginly, but I think he he's
also like surprisingly charming.
>> He really is.
>> Yeah.
>> The nicest.
>> I think you're both kind of the same.
You both have that like I'm grumpy, but
also really kind.
>> How do you How are you not grumpy, Rand?
Uh, I mean, do you want the real answer?
>> I do. I'm curious. How do you stay not
grumpy?
>> Well, I think it's just a um it's like
an act of willpower. Uh because and and
default because my my dad growing up was
always very grumpy and not in a kind on
the inside type of way. And so,
um I don't know. I just sort of trained
myself to be I'm never going to be like
that. And here we are.
>> I think uh children are often reactions
to their parents. So
>> yeah, I think that's true.
>> Yeah, that's where that that lives. Uh
>> and people are loving your shirt right
now.
>> Oh, thanks. Yeah, I I'm wearing I'm
wearing fun pants, too, but I'm not sure
if I can show them. Maybe I can jump.
>> I think you should just stand on your
table.
Yeah, I guess I could try and What do we
What do we have like two minutes until
the five minute mark and everybody shows
up?
>> I don't know. Uh let's see.
>> Yeah, people are still coming in.
>> No, there's no way to do it. They're
They're like They're fun like camoy
pants. They're from that um Descendant
of Thieves company, which I actually
think does absolutely genius marketing.
I think there are some of the best
um sort of men's fashion marketers out
there, which is hard to do. They have
this very
uh custom custom feeling approach, even
all the even though all the clothing is
off the rack.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh and their their packaging is
ingenious. Uh the way they do email
marketing is really clever.
Um, it's got a little a little hint of,
what would I say? Maybe more,
um,
edgy masculinity than I would
traditionally go for, but they also
make, I mean, they make obviously
quite, you know, feminineish garb, too.
So, um, I I like their stuff a lot. I
think it's a great brand.
>> I want to go to their store in New York
someday, but haven't been able to yet.
What is the name of the brand again?
>> It's called Descendant of Thieves. Um,
and their website's pretty cool, too.
>> So, they do
um they have they have a really clever
copywriting team. I'm quite impressed by
>> uh by that as well. And then yeah, the
packaging is just just great. Like when
things arrive, you kind of feel like
you've uncovered something secret and
special. It almost has that uh I don't
know what to call it, like a 1960s spy,
you know, envelope inside envelope with
like secret, you know, labeling.
>> Yeah, that's cool.
>> Yeah, it's uh it's good stuff. I don't I
don't know how active they are on social
media. I haven't followed them there,
but they're they're sort of traditional
e-commerce campaign is impressive. I I
should study it more and maybe try and
figure out uh what else I could learn
from them.
>> Yeah. And maybe they'll send you clothes
if you give them, you know, some Spark
Toro insights.
>> Oh, and the problem is I my sizing is
just the worst.
I'm so I'm so weirdly tiny. Nobody
Nobody sends me small stuff because
they're like, "Oh, Rand, he looks like a
normalsized human being man." He's not.
I'm I'm I'm very very tiny. I'm a
quarter inch shorter than the average
American male and my shoulders are like
one quarter the size. So most men I
don't know what it is.
>> My husband's quite short. He um
>> That's true. Yeah.
>> Ian and I could probably trade clothing,
but that's about that's about it. I did
really well in Japan.
>> Oh yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Sometimes Asian sizes are, you
know, smaller.
>> Great. Works great for me. I was like
I'm a I'm a medium in Japan. This is
amazing.
It's a good feeling.
>> You know, that's funny. I think I'm like
a medium or large in the Philippines.
>> Oh, yeah. Okay.
>> Even though I'm 5 foot one.
>> So, Amanda, I I'm really curious,
especially since we're having this event
about uh event marketing.
>> Yes.
>> And Oh, man. Sorry, there's a uh plane
going over my head.
>> I'm curious, would you tell us a little
about your MCON experience because you
just went to your first in-person
marketing conference, right?
>> Yes. So, one, it was my first ever
marketing conference. Like, I'd never
been to one. Um, I don't know. It just
never occurred to me to go. Like, I just
didn't
>> You've been to lots of them virtually,
just not in person.
>> Been to a lot of virtual ones. This is
my first in-person one. Um, it was a lot
of fun. It was, you know, overall it was
actually a very nice reminder of how big
the marketing world is, but also how
small it is. Like it was just very
refreshing to meet a bunch of friends
who I had, you know, just met online
like Ross Simmons was there and so I met
him for the first time in person and
that was lovely. Uh Ari Jabali. Um of
course Elena Solis who like I like
almost fainted. I was like oh my god
it's her. Um well my microphone is being
weird.
>> Oh yeah I'm getting that too actually.
won't know why there's
>> Yeah, you're coming through my left
speaker.
>> I don't know why it's like that. And
there are no settings that I can change
here.
>> Yeah.
>> So, that's going to be how it is. And
I'm sorry. Um,
>> it's cool. I will I will be stereo for
both of us.
>> Okay, good.
>> I don't know why. I mean,
>> we'll have to we'll have to figure it
out.
>> Uh, and then what else about Moscon? One
last kind of thing. Um
I guess one thing I really like both as
a speaker and as an attendee is that
there are only mainstage sessions.
>> I really like that.
>> Um I think it's tough when you know
those uh traditionally conferences have
multiple tracks where maybe there's like
an SEO track and there's a growth
marketing track or whatever that might
be could be you know and in any
industry. Um, a challenge that I've had
as an event organizer has been, well,
how do you divide these? How do you
decide on the tracks? How do you divide
people up? But then also, how do you
kind of sell people on it? Like, it's a
little I I mean, in my opinion, I think
it's really hard to ask a speaker to
speak at your event and then say, "Oh,
we're going to have a thousand
attendees, but you're going to be in a
breakout session with three other
competing tracks." And then if you're a
speaker, you kind of do the math of
like, okay, so maybe 300 people will
attend. Uh that's nice, but it's also a
big ask, right? Speaker has to put
together their slides, practice, all
that stuff.
>> I I spent a lot of my early career
speaking to rooms of 25 to 100 people
>> um in breakout sessions and sharing the
stage with like three or four other
speakers. So
>> yeah,
>> I mean, I'm going to actually talk about
this in the presentation. Uh, so there's
a good warm-up, but I when I designed
MozCon, I specifically wanted exactly
the experience you're describing.
>> Um, and that was uh that was part of why
I was like, I want I want single track.
I want everyone to be a keynote. I want
every speaker who gets up there to feel
like this is the opportunity of a
lifetime. They're in front of a thousand
people. I want that stage to feel like
you are at, you know, TED or speaking to
the United Nations or, you know, I want
this to feel like a big experience. And
I think that reflects back to the
audience as well. Um,
>> and yeah, one of the challenges I have,
I don't think this can happen virtually.
I I I really don't. I don't think
there's a way. I mean, we have regularly
Spark Toro hours, right, which you're
you're all listening to right now
joining. Um, and we're about to kick
off, but but we regularly get between
500 and a,000 folks here.
>> And I I love the energy in the comments
and the chat, but it's the opposite
feeling. It feels intimate and sort of
warm and, you know, you get like Amanda
and I's personality. You get the
personality of a lot of folks in the
comments. You can kind of see people in
I see Lisa in there, right? Who I've
seen a few times, which is lovely. And
>> like that's a that's a wonderful thing,
but it's a totally different experience.
It doesn't have that,
>> you know, oh my god, you know, concert
hall, massive stage, huge production.
This clearly cost a million dollars to
put on. That kind of thing.
>> Totally. And and in this case, like
people are in our homes, right? People
see the
>> the mess behind me. Um, every people
will see that I'm wearing camo leggings.
>> Camo camo.
>> Never wear this at an actual conference.
Yeah.
>> All right. Well, Amanda, we have got uh
some seriously cool content. I actually
put together an entirely new talk just
for this event. This is the first time
I'm uh doing this one and
should be a great one. All right, I'm
going to move move this over to here and
let's see. How about we share screen?
Oh, Amanda. Um, the two questions we
always get a get asked, what what are
those two questions?
>> The first question is, will will we
receive the recording? Yes, I will
personally sell it to you. No, we
the replay will be available on this
page as soon as it's done, as soon as we
wrap up. And then uh Crowdcast will send
you an email with the slides along with
maybe an update on the next office
hours. Um so keep an eye out for that
email. Usually we'll come later today or
tomorrow, but yeah, the replay will be
available instantly.
>> Awesome. And what is our hashtag on
Twitter?
>> And our hashtag is sparkro hours. So, if
you want to follow along, share notes
with Twitter or, you know, wherever you
post on social media, you can use Spark
Toro hours.
>> Yep. We check it out on LinkedIn, too.
>> Yeah.
>> Sweet. All right. Click here to close
message. Hide this guy. So, my goal
today uh is to help build better
events of all kinds. digital, virtual,
uh, live, in person, recorded, all of
that stuff for your audiences. And to do
that, we need to gain a deep
understanding of what works for those
audiences. Um, I want to be clear, I'm
not a professional event manager, but I
have run many events of many kinds and
and built several uh over my career and
obviously spoken and participated
primarily in the marketing universe, but
um thankfully I've I've had lots of
opportunities to speak outside of that
in in sort of government and NGO stuff
and uh in a number of industry events
too. So,
let's uh kick it off. All right. So I
think this is this is one of the
frustrating things that you have to deal
with as an event marketer um or an event
creator of any kind which is
supply and demand do not match in this
field. So this is a search for digital
marketing events um and and digital
marketing conferences and then marketing
events which is right this is search
demand for actual events. This one is
searching search demand for learning how
to market events. So event marketing and
and marketing events and uh yeah that's
that's tough. What about uh what about
webinars? Webinars on marketing or SEO
or sales or CRM or emotional
intelligence or anything you can think
of. The demand my friends unfortunately
is not there. There are not people
seeking out the thing that we are all
creating whether that's webinars or live
streams or inerson conferences.
It's just it's just hard right. It it
really is tough to be in this field. You
have to generate demand. You can't just
serve existing demand by being present
in these places. And even more
infuriating than the demand side is the
supply side is huge. It doesn't matter
what region you're in. You can search
for uh Google's got this nice event
search engine. Now, if you search for an
event in your area, uh, or any other
area, you will see massive numbers of
both offline and online events, all
competing for your time, usually
multiple per day. If you scroll down
here, you'll see tons of them. Uh, just
in July and August, just in the Seattle
area, just focused on digital marketing.
That's that is hard. And so, you know,
if we're going to
do well at this, right, we need great
answers to questions like why why should
someone pay money or sacrifice their
time to attend this event? What is in it
for them? Uh this is obviously a
question we have to answer with every
edition of office hours that we do. Why
this event instead of hundreds of other
options out there? These have to be
ludicrously clear as well as having
great answers, right? You can have great
answers that are hidden and then people
won't know about them. The only way
you're going to do this successfully is
if you actually sell and market the
answers to these questions publicly. And
then the third one, of course, really
tough, is how are you going to reach the
right audiences with those messages with
the pitch for your event. So, this is
what I'm going to spend some time on
diving into today. I I I made a um a
little chart just to sort of illustrate
what I think works well for for those of
you who are doing in-person events or or
considering them for the future for next
year. Um and and those of you doing
virtual still, which obviously we are,
this is sort of how I think about it. If
it's small and in person, it's all about
the networking. It is really about who
is coming. Can I meet them? I want to
spend time with them. Do they want to
spend time with me? And this is why I
think the invitation set and the the
focus around the event experience uh and
the quality of the networking that
you're enabling is crucial. If it's
virtual and small, it's the opposite.
This is all about content. It is not
some folks are trying to do virtual
networking stuff. I think during COVID
there was an opportunity. I I suspect
that window is is really closing. I
haven't seen those be as successful
since. uh if you're large and in person,
it's a little bit less networking. In
fact, I would argue that it's maybe half
and half. It's networking, but it's also
the experience of a combination of
education and entertainment. And and
that's why I'm saying like edutainment.
If you think about very large events
that you might go to, a Dreamforce or an
um an inbound um you know back in the
day the the giant uh SCES conferences um
CES right in Vegas. Those types of
things are really the Yeah, I'm there to
learn a little and to have a great
experience. The travel is part of it.
>> And finally, large and virtual. Oh,
sorry. Go ahead.
>> Oh, no. There's that that's a great
point about the networking and edita
edutainment sort of aspect of large
events just that maybe it's it's like
they're so massive that I don't know
that people really truly expect to just
do a ton of great brand new networking.
I feel like it's more the type of event
where you're like where you reach out to
your peers in the industry or your
existing friends and you say hey are you
attending inbound let's like let's go
together or like let's watch Obama
together.
>> Yes. Um, and then you go for that whole
the experience as a whole.
>> Yeah. Like half the reason I went to
Dreamforce in San Francisco years ago is
because Bill Clinton was speaking there
and Gerald Dean was like, "Oh, I I would
really like to see him speak. That
sounds really interesting." We we went
with some friends uh industry friends
and yeah had a I mean Bill Clinton is a
very problematic human being but a
fascinatingly talented speaker and
ludicrously charismatic. Even even
though he didn't prepare, it was obvious
he had done no preparation.
>> Oh wow.
>> He said as much and then he just got up
there and was like, "Oh my god, I am
hanging on your every word." I see how
you got elected even in I think he was
the the governor of Arkansas, right?
Like
>> that's not a state where you expect to
do well. Um and then and then large and
virtual which is something actually uh
we we're we're about to announce Amanda
and I are about to announce uh Spark
Toro's first ever virtual conference
which we hope in years to come will
actually turn into a um a full scale
event. We don't have a name yet or all
the details but this is something we're
working on.
>> Sorry,
>> spoiler alert.
>> Spoiler alert. Yes. Yeah. No name,
nothing to pitch quite yet, but we will
have it soon. But in my opinion, these
these large virtual conferences when
I've seen them be successful and I
participated in a few, they are kind of
a 50/50, not edutainment networking, but
content and hype. So people essentially
get excited about it because other
people are excited about it. And you
have to create that excitement through
primarily content
uh content, speakers, kind of the the
the hype of the event, the positioning
of the event.
>> Okay. So, let's try and spend some time
in those.
>> I do want to jump in actually. I'm
curious. People think in the chat.
>> What do people actually think about
networking opportunities for virtual
events?
>> I don't disagree with you,
>> but I want to see if anyone has any
reactions here to like do you would you
like to see some kind of creative
virtual way to network online uh during
an event or no? Like do you I mean like
Rand and I think that it is really
mostly about the content, right? You got
to have great content. Um what's
interesting about to me about virtual
events is that attendees are uniquely
positioned to take notes because you're
already on your computer. So I think you
want awesome content.
>> But the networking, I don't know. What
do people think? So let's look in the
chat.
>> That's fair. I will I will not bias with
my opinion yet.
>> Okay.
>> But uh you know I'm just going to say
that Erin and I share share some
thoughts.
>> Yeah.
>> All right. So So I I'm going to ask uh
try and answer these two questions. Um
Oh man, look at you all just jumping in
with your with your answers. I really
Amanda, we have the we have the kindest
friends in our audience. It's just
great. So let's try and do those two
first two questions. What's in it for my
audience? Why this event? I think this
this is the hardest thing. It doesn't
matter webinars, virtual events, live
streams, a a podcast, a YouTube
recording, um a a small networking
event, right? Like I know a lot of
agencies do that. So, what what is it
that makes for a great event? Um and
I've been talking to a number of event
organizers around this and trying to
research it, talking to folks that I
really like and respect in this field.
And basically these four, you can fit
almost every other sub item that you
might think of under these four.
Programming, right? Right. So, format,
speakers, content focus, sponsorships,
the postevent follow-up, the logistics.
Um, virtual is has their own logistics,
right? That's certainly like the
software and and timing and all that
kind of stuff. And then in person has
tons more. The audience that you
attract. So, that includes kind of the
size of event you're trying to do,
diversity uh and inclusiveness and
diversity of of all the kinds out there,
right? I I mean in terms of diversity of
the um uh job titles and roles,
diversity of where they're coming from
geographically, diversity obviously of
uh you know whatever ethnicity and
gender and and um all those other things
too and then management which is kind of
the event tech um or onsite on-site or
offline sorry on-site or online uh
health safety etc etc issues and there
there's kind of three jobs here
sometimes I suspect fact many of you who
are doing events for your companies or
doing them for your clients companies uh
you are doing all three of these but
when we you know when you're running a
big event like when we ran BonCon um it
was sort of three jobs so my job was the
strategy choosing the right audience to
serve and the event positioning in in
fact in a way that's still sort of what
I'm doing at Spark Toro with things like
office hours and this upcoming
conference right I mean Amanda and I are
tag teaming on both of these but the
organ organizer's job, right? So, this
would be like, you know, for MCON, it
was someone like Charlene, but you know,
event organizers, the folks who put
those together, it's really creating
that product and events are a product.
You can everything that you can think of
that you might do for a software product
or a physical real world product, you do
those same types of things, design,
creation, marketing, thoughtfulness in
the event itself. And then finally, the
marketer's job, which is to promote that
event to the right audiences with the
right message in the places they already
pay attention. The I mean, you can kind
of take this slide and say like, "All
right, that's the job. That's what I
have to do." It is much easier said than
done. But if you don't get one of these
right, like if you just start marketing
an event and you don't have the strategy
and you don't have the right product and
it doesn't all align, you're going to be
in a very bad place, friends. And I have
seen a lot of events. I have been to and
spoken at a lot of events that did not
nail this. And so there was mis
expectations from you know the
organizers. There were mis expectations
from the speakers. There are missed
expectations from the audience. It was
really clear when that through line
exists from all of these you you can do
amazing things. It's not it won't
guarantee it but but it will enable it.
So, let's let's imagine that we're in
the uh packaging design universe, which
many folks are like, "Oh my god, that's
a boring industry." Like packaging
design, it's it's a relatively small
niche industry. I was helping a
Spiratoral customer who's who's in this
field and um uh specifically in the EU,
and it was like, "Okay, well, let let's
do a an event for packaging design
professionals.
This is a terrible strategy.
Awful. This is not a strategy that it
contains none of the aspects. And so if
you hear this, right, if you say to your
boss or your client or your team, hey,
tell me what kind of, you know, what's
our event strategy? Well, we want to be
the best event for XYZ professionals.
Awful. Why? Why is this so bad? This
audience is way too broad.
Packaging design professionals, it's
it's even though it's a niche audience,
it is too broad for a starting event. If
this was a 10-year-old conference and
event or what event series and it had
been running for forever and had 100,000
people already paying attention to it
and on the email list and you know a
thousand attendees every year, fine,
right? Then it's still not a strategy,
but the audience is okay. Otherwise, if
you are starting out with an event, if
you only have a few hundred people in
your audience so far for that event,
this audience is way too broad. Best is
entirely subjective. It's meaningless.
It's like saying create great content.
Like, stop. That is I I hate that
phrase. It there's no less meaningful
phrase in the marketing universe than
create great content. Ah, kills me.
Pointless. And finally, there's no
unique value proposition here or any
competitive advantage. There's nothing
saying as compared to other people who
make event uh you know events for
packaging design professionals, we are
going to
fill in the blank. Where is that? It's
totally missing. not a strategy. All
right, here we go. If we were going to
plan a theoretical event in the
packaging field, like say we were trying
to compete with someone like the
American Packaging Summit, which
look, I no offense, the if you go into
the subpages, the stuff that they do and
talk about is way cooler than what's on
this page. So, but but because the
American Packaging Summit has been
around for decades and has uh built up
an audience, all they really have to say
is we're doing our event again. And
this, I think, is one of the primary
biasing challenges. Folks will look at
successful events and then say, "Oh,
well, they do it this way, so therefore
probably I can copy that." And you
cannot because the brand reputation that
they've built from the history of
growing the event is such a powerful
driver of next year's event, right?
It's, oh well, four years ago, you know,
I went to the American Packaging Summit
and I met my future boss and that's how
I got this job. So, I'm going to go
every year for forever. And you multiply
that times 10 years and you know 50,000
people who've been to the event,
completely different story. So this is
this is what I I might do if we were if
we were trying to build this and this is
Amanda what you and I have been doing
right with the Spark Toro event that's
coming up.
So this is way too textheavy dense slide
right but I'm I'm just going to show you
kind of the thought process here but
right it's it so you'd say we're going
to prioritize our audience subgroups. So
we're looking at SMBs and new entrance
to the field. That's who matters. We are
looking less at people who have lots of
experience in the field or people who
are outside of our field. We are looking
less at serving uh sponsors and and
promoters which many events do, right?
Many events are primarily designed for
sponsors and then it's the audience is
the product for them and it's it's uh
it's built around them. You want to make
the positioning crystal clear. by
positioning, right? I really mean go
read April Dunford's obviously awesome,
but also uh you want to say something
like we are the gold standard in X for
Y. So tactical education focused online
events for packaging design
professionals. Okay, good. A narrow
audience, narrow focus. That's what
we're going to be the absolute best at.
We're not trying to be everything to
everyone. So it's not the entire
packaging design field. It's only only
the pros in that field and then uh
tactical education focused very
different from we want to be
enterainment focused right it so you can
think of something like um you know
sparro hours versus a an inbound
two completely different things to
serving similarish audiences but not uh
very different positioning and then you
want to show why people should choose
this event over the other ones right so
single day of content content with
exactly what pros need to know for the
year ahead, delivered by the best in the
business at a low price. Okay. All
right. Now, we have a strategy, right?
Now, we we are all on the same page
about who we're targeting, why we're
targeting them, how we're going to reach
them. This is this is like how I'd build
a strategy. I'm not saying this is the
perfect one for a packaging design
professional who's who's building an
event series, but this is how I would
think about it rather than write this.
Don't don't do that. All right.
So uh in terms of event organization
when we get to this process there's sort
of these three semi-over overlapping
I've tried to illustrate the
semi-overlap programming management and
logistics like that's what an event
organizer is is working on and
oftentimes I think you get lost in the
my job is to organize the event
and you forget about the goal which the
goals are twofold it's engagement
engagement is the value that attendees
get during and just after the event and
I say attendees But I also mean um you
know whatever speakers and staff and and
people are participating in the event
from the the logistic side too. So don't
don't ignore them. I think when you
serve audiences well you tend to serve
whatever speakers and presenters well
but just note that. And resonance
resonance is essentially what tells you
this event won't just be successful one
time. It is building a brand for the
future. This event now has be is
becoming memorable, high status and
amplified in terms of its reach. It's
the kind of event where people will say,
"Did you go to it? Will you go next
year? Did you hear about it?" Versus,
you know, sort of the the quiet under
the radar events. This is ludicrously
hard with virtual. Generally much easier
with in person.
Um, I think that's just a a state of how
human beings are rather than a, you
know, something you can totally control
with marketing. Um, so
>> I sorry, I want to like
>> Yeah. Yeah, please.
>> I'm I'm interested in the high status
thing because I do think that is
important and I think people want to
feel high status, special, whatever when
they attend an event. I'm curious how we
engineer that for a virtual event,
>> you So I think there's a let's see um
the easiest way I can say it is if I
were doing it in our field the high
status comes from I shared the virtual
stage with other high status well-known
people even though I myself was not
necessarily high status well-known andor
I
um participated in an event where it was
clear that the
you know there was a a projection of
high status onto the people who were
part of the event. There was special
things that they got access to, right?
Maybe it's maybe it's like, oh, they got
these free access to an early version of
some new tool or system. They got
invited to something else. They got a
they got something physical delivered to
their house that made them feel special
for the day. They Right.
Um, sales folks do tend to do this
really well because they make their
target feel high status and special. Um,
and yes, like Norman said, exclusivity
if it's invite only,
>> like you have to you you can't just sign
up, you have to get invited,
>> that that does it, too.
>> That does it too. Although I wonder for
virtual events if then it's is it high
status that you need to go for or is it
or is it specialness because it's a
little bit different because one thing
>> I think these are two yeah they're both
they're different s different ways to
achieve resonance. So high status is one
way and then kind of the edutainment,
you know, big production
um or or like this is a really big
event. Lots and lots of people attend
it. Lots of people talk about it. It
gets tons of play on social, all that
kind of stuff. Everybody's, you know,
whatever slides and videos get clipped
from it.
>> That u that also makes it a a special
event or high resonance. Anyway,
>> Mhm.
>> Um, when it comes to engagement, I I'm
not going to blather on about this and I
am not an expert in it. So, uh, I do
actually really like this article from
Hopin. I thought they did, uh, one of
the best jobs, possibly the best job out
there of of recent pieces I've seen
about engagement that you can earn
through events. The sad news is when it
comes to resonance, I for whatever
reason, I feel I trolled through like
all of Google's results. I've been
looking for years for someone who's
written something good about this. I
have never found a single article that I
like enough to recommend to you on how
to make events memorable after the fact.
If someone who's on this webinar would
like to write that piece and be like,
"Oh, I got you, Rand." Like, please.
Yeah, hit me up. Like, that would that
would be great. I'd love to share
something with folks. I do have a a few
quick pieces of advice on this from the
from the high level strategy stuff. My
best advice, right, basically get
someone you trust who doesn't work for
you or or the event to go talk to your
attendees about your event versus
others.
I when I ran Moscon, I never got honest
feedback. Not in person anyway, right? I
could hear through the grapevine. I
could talk to people who talked to
people, but I could not get honest
feedback. And I suspect the same is true
with Spark Tours. Like as lovely and
honest as I believe all of you who are
listening to this presentation right now
are, I suspect you would give a
different answer to someone who is not
me or Amanda than you would give to me.
And that's just because human beings are
wired to be kind to each other, which is
wonderful. Like, and I never want that
to stop. But it also means it's really
tough to get on varnish feedback. So I
would go talk to those other folks and
they will tell you what resonated and
didn't and why they remember it and
what's memorable and they'll tell you
about other events all of that. Uh
resonance friends it's different in
different industries. You cannot I I
shouldn't say you cannot sometimes you
can but you shouldn't try shouldn't
assume that you can copy and paste a
great marketing event into real estate
or travel or packaging design or the
inverse. So if you've seen something
that works really well, you can take
inspiration from it, but it is not a
copy and paste process. I've been to
plenty of events that have tried to do
that. Um, you know, they've taken the
the travel world. I went to an event.
Um, was it TEX? Maybe it was something
else. travel event that I went to in
Vancouver a few years ago and they were
sort of trying to replicate the
experience of a big conference that they
had done that the organizers had put
together in another field which I think
was
um like it was the food and beverage
industry and even though you'd think
there'd be overlap it it did not go well
was not great there were lots of things
that were awkward about it they tried to
do a million breakouts which does work
well in food and beverage because people
are so specific to the things they're
interested in but less So in travel uh
and finally number three new is really
powerful
brand is also extremely powerful and the
third one is stories. So if your event
tells a new story from or about a brand
that people already know and like recall
which is what leads to resonance goes
way up. This is that that would that
would be where I'd suggest.
Okay. How you gonna reach that right
audience? This is the third question.
Last one. So I um Amanda and I sort of
put put together this this giant layout.
Um I'm not going to go through every one
of these, but you can kind of use it as
a oh when I'm marketing my event online
or offline, small or big, there's your
existing audience. That's people like
who's on your email list already, who
already follows you on social, who
already is reading your blog, etc., etc.
There's digital advertising.
Unless you are unless you have a very
large budget um or a lot of
money to blow for some reason, uh I I am
not a huge fan of this for most events.
Uh there are exceptions, but most events
I'm not. If you're, you know, if you're
trying to sell out a Bruce Springsteen
concert, which I don't think there's any
demand side problems there, it's supply,
uh, then, you know, digital advertising
might work, but, you know, if you're
trying to sell whatever, a real estate
conference to real estate professionals,
>> right? Or the packaging example, like
I'm sure there are a lot of uh or a
handful of trade publications where it
is worth getting a full page ad for your
event.
>> Yeah, totally. Totally. Right.
Especially if you would prefer to just
pay rather than do the kind of creative
how could we work together thing,
>> which you can do both, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Do a sponsorship and do Yeah. Yeah,
that's a good point. Uh other people's
audiences. So, speaking of trade
publications,
you you can find folks who are
influential on social in this field. You
can you can go find uh email lists that
reach them. You can find speakers
channels, right? they're, you know,
reach out to your speakers and be like,
"Hey, here's something for whatever
Twitter, your YouTube, your Facebook,
your LinkedIn, your Tik Tok, your etc.,
etc." Uh, other events, especially um
online events, if you are doing in real
life stuff, promoting your in real life
thing by being part of online events,
not a bad way to go. And last but not
least, PR and media. Um, there's lots of
options here as well. So, you you've got
a big set of options. Your job as an
event marketer, right, is kind of choose
which one of these to invest in,
prioritize them, figure out what's going
to work for you in your field with your
audience. Uh, I am going to give the
same advice that I give around a lot of
content marketing stuff in the event
marketing field, which is to not assume
customers of your product. and event
attendees are the same. Many folks do
this, especially those of you in B2B.
Um, we have this problem where we think
of our audience as people who are going
to buy our product. That's not the
audience. Event audience falls into the
these these four groups. Current
customers, people who bought from you
already. Potential customers, people who
you know hope hopefully will buy your
product or service. The amplifiers,
those sources of influence, and then the
broader community, that's your potential
attendees.
in in the in the event world, right? And
they may be people who consume content
or, you know, follow sources but are not
actually influential themselves and
would never buy your product or service.
And so, you're not used to speaking to
them and reaching them, this this gets a
little tougher, right? If you ignore
these people, put all your energy into
those, uh, you're going to have a tough
time with event marketing. At least
you're not going to reach the audience
who could.
>> Yeah. or like this to me is also the
difference between a user conference and
a bigger conference, right? The
difference between a user conference
like what I think I think Slack has one,
the Frontiers Conference, they still
have that. That's their user conference,
>> but and that's fine, right? That that
that is specifically for customers or
potential c customers of the software.
But then you have like a dream force or
inbound where it's for the potential
amplifiers and the broader community. A
lot of value in that. And then when you
think about, you know, influential
tech conferences, those are the ones
that you think about.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. I
mean, so what's really interesting, so
Shane um in the comments is is saying
like,
I really remember the events where I
came home with new ideas I could put to
use.
And
I have a weird I have a weird theory
that many people remember those events
where they got new tactics, new tools,
new tips much less than the ones where
where they were edutained and then as
you point out Shane had great
networking.
>> That that's not to say it's just that
resonance is harder with tactical tips
and useful actionable content than it is
with I saw Bill Clinton speak. I saw
Obama speak. I saw, you know, whatever
Dwayne the Rock Johnson was at one of,
you know, like that kind of thing. It's
just a it's different, right? There's
there's the the memorability aspect and
then the um I got professional value
from the event and those those don't
always overlap. So, just just be aware.
I think this is really how this is why
inbound is 20,000 people and you know,
Moscon got to 2,000 people uh before
before co anyway. So, uh, audience for
events, I I like to visualize this
stuff, right? So, you've got those
potential attendees and current
attendees and amplifiers.
And mo the event marketing that works
the best is targeted at these folks.
Like, it's those amplifiers and
attendees. And then the if you're trying
to maximize attendance,
you want to go after the whole industry.
So, just stuff to think about as you're
choosing those those tactics from that
big list of that big board that we put
together for you. um in terms of
audience research. So understanding
customers, right? Those conversations,
it it can help most with obviously the
the audience itself and then um uh
finding the relevant one, figuring out
demographics and behaviors and attitudes
and analyzing competition, right?
Looking at who else has been successful,
figuring out what they've done well, why
it's worked for them, and then
programming uh also. So, a number of
event uh organizers in including um my
friend Charlene who uh who who uh I
think is running MCON again now. Uh she
she started at Moz years ago and that
was um her first event now. She runs
tons and tons of events in all sorts of
fields. But getting right speakers,
right, choosing right topics, getting
that positioning correct, all of that
sort of programming stuff. Audience
research is invaluable for this. It
gives you data instead of just opinions.
And the way I would go about this, uh,
hi Charlene. A, I'm so honored you're on
this call. Uh, the way I would go about
this is, and actually Charlene is great
at this. Um, oh, look, there's a picture
of her. What timing
uh is to start with the interviews,
right? So, I would talk to individuals,
right? So, I Hey, Troy. Right. Troy runs
this agency Mavericks thing. um it's a
it's a small virtual event. They they do
a very uh good job of of bringing agency
owners together, right? Like what's
worked well or partly for your series,
right? So talking to other organizers of
other events, they're often very happy
to share their experiences with you.
Talking to my friend Will, right? Like
hey, what do you think are important
topics in the field right now? You know,
hey Charlene, what are the best events
that and and sessions and speakers that
you've seen recently? Like what got
really high ratings? It's these kinds of
questions. You can uh do that through
networking. You can also do it um
through emails or or outreach on social,
those kinds of things. You'll get good
answers. I am shocked at how willing
people are to I think there's just like
a camaraderie among event organizers and
marketers that everybody wants
everyone's events to do well. I kind of
love that about our field. Uh I would
then take the answers that you get and
before you assume they're correct, try
and validate them with surveys. I'm
showing some informal ones on Twitter
here, which is not necessarily the best,
but um also I like to use Type form for
sending out surveys, putting them on
your website, right? Um you can use
whatchamacallit. If you want, you can
try survey monkey audience or Qualrixs
or something like that for a large
scale. They're expensive, but I'm a
little nervous about the respondents
that you get. I think it's better if you
can target it to the industry that
you're after and you know whatever the
job titles and roles or types of people
you're going after. If I were running
San Diego Comic-Con, maybe then I would
think about using Qualrixs or or Survey
Monkey audience or something broad like
that. Uh on-site works fine too. Uh I
think this can work really well if you
already have a smaller event series and
you're leading up to a big one. So this
might be something that we would do on
Spark Tour around office hours leading
up to our like bigger conference, right?
is you put kind of a you know a type
form that happens after or during the
the process that you're in on the
website that that works great too. Uh,
and if you have emails, you can ask
directly. You can even grab, you know,
500 of your contacts, put it in a BCC,
send it out, get onetoone responses.
Might take a while to reply, but this is
a process that we've done at Spark Toro.
I've done a few times and yeah, it's
been pretty helpful for us. So, what
this gives you is audience attributes.
How do people describe themselves? What
do they talk about and have interest in?
Who do they pay attention to? uh what
are speakers and content and events that
they liked in the past and you can use
that data for all those things that we
talked about the competitive research
you know what um uh what other hashtags
do people use that I participate in who
do they follow on social right so if I'm
in that packaging design industry I can
see that people who use the hashtag
packaging follow these sources and
essentially this is exactly the places
that I'd want to work with to broadcast
the event this is where I want to do my
PR, advertising, sponsorships,
co-arketing,
whatever I'm doing, all my my outreach
because these people will reach a high
percentage of the people that I need to
reach.
And this is also kind of a you know, if
I this is I've done the filter to
individuals instead of organizations uh
up in the filters of Spark Toro. And
this is essentially showing me people
whose profiles include packaging design.
What do they engage with most? who
specifically did they engage with most?
And yes, right, like Jessica, Eric,
Joanne, Debbie, that's probably who I
want to invite to at least participate
or amplify. Maybe they're my speakers,
too. Uh maybe they're my my creators for
the event of some kind. Maybe they're on
my advisory board for the event.
Whatever it is that this is essentially
saying, these are the most followed
people by these types of professionals
in this field. That's what I'm going
after. Uh, and what I like about this
approach, you don't have to use Spark
Toro, right? You could troll through it
manually on LinkedIn or Twitter. Um, or
or use a tool like Follower Wonk, right?
Uh, which is which is great for sort of
Twitter bio searching. Twitter's own
search is terrible. Uh, you get data
about the whole market, not just the
people that you reach and know,
which which is great. Um, so I I like
this because it lets you sort of market
beyond those just, you know, running ads
or the existing lists that you've got.
You can kind of reach the broader field.
All right. Spark Toro Fest. This is one
of our naming convention ideas, Rich. So
you're you're not on there or or you're
not wrong there. Uh, all right. So event
marketing flywheel kind of works like
this. If you've seen people in event
marketing industry do it, this is
probably quite familiar. You you go find
sources that reach the audience. you try
and provide some value that earns their
attention. Wow them, right? And bring
them to your event page. So you you are
doing essentially marketing with the
event page being the call to action that
you're driving everyone toward. That can
be what what's frustrating is a lot of
CMOs and event marketers will be tasked
with I need to prove that this source
sent it over here, which you you
shouldn't worry about. You should not do
if you're a guest on someone's YouTube
channel. If you mention their uh your
your event on their podcast, you'll
never see that analytics. Like it's it
nearly impossible to track unless you do
time series stuff and there's a live
broadcast, but I would ignore that. I
would not worry about the attribution. I
would worry about getting the message to
the right people. Um and the idea is
that you're turning other people's
audiences into your audience. I think
this is how slowly but surely you build
up a great event.
All right. Uh the idea when you're doing
this outreach, when you're finding these
sources, Amanda, you and I talk about
this all the time. I think I build this
slide for like every kind of marketing I
think of because it's just it's just how
great marketing gets done. I want this
person or publication source to amplify
my event to talk about what we're doing
here. What could I do that would get
them to do that? What what's the thing,
right? What's the thing that's going to
trigger that action? Could I invite them
to speak or send a speaker? Could I be a
guest on their podcast? Could I be one
of their webinar speakers? Could I
sponsor their email newsletter? Could I
publish research they'd cover? Run a
joint survey with them. Get quoted in
one of their article. Like, this is the
stuff, right? That's the that's the meat
of the um the work. And this is this is
not easy. But because so few people
invest in this and most people just
throw money at Google and Facebook, it's
less competitive. It's also way high
higher ROI.
Um, so we are a little low on time. I
have a story I was I was going to talk a
little bit about the the story of
building Moscon and and how we did that
specifically
um talking a little bit about the kind
of resonance that was built up through
doing things differently which I can do
uh and I'd like to but I would also love
to do some hands-on examples for folks.
Uh Amanda and I would love to help you
out if your company is planning to run a
mastermind group, a concert, a trade
show, a training seminar, a live stream,
whatever. If you in the comments want to
tell us three things, like what kind of
event you're trying to build, who it's
for, and your primary goals, right?
Right. So may maybe you're trying to
actually make money from the event like
okay that's that's one that's a very
different goal from we're trying to do
lead genen for our product or we're
trying to build our audience over time
and build our brand over time. You know
um when we talk about we've mentioned
them a few times but HubSpot's inbound.
I mean you could see in their financials
they they lose millions of dollars a
year running that event. Like four to7
million dollars a year they lose running
that event. Maybe even more than that.
Why? Why would they lose money on an
event every year? It's because they
think of it as an advertising and brand
building expense. And I would argue it's
a superb one, but super different goal
than, hey, we're going to run Sparro
office hours or the packaging design
folks are going to have a live stream
about, you know, uh, an award show for
the latest packaging design um,
professionals. Really, really different.
So, if you'd like to share these with
us, go for it uh in the comments. And in
the meantime,
uh yeah, I'll give you a little give you
a little story time. Um so, I I don't
know that probably not a lot of folks
know this. So, you know, Mozcon um
before I left the company was
about Yeah, it was around 2,000
attendees. It was a live event every
year in person at the um here here in
Seattle uh where where I started the
company and when I got into the industry
one one of the first things that I was
doing was going to a lot of uh a few
conference series right so search engine
strategies which was owned by Google's
now um liaison search leaison Danny
Sullivan back when he was like industry
side uh and I think he sold told that
show, that show kept going. He started a
new series called SMX. So, I was going
to a lot of those events and others in
the field. Um, some regional ones, too,
SCMPDX in Portland and a bunch of
others. And those events were
24 white dudes on stage, sometimes one
woman. Um, usually panels, right? So
you'd you'd have panels of three or four
people who'd present for 12 minutes on a
particular topic in the in the search
marketing field. Um and they'd be in
breakout rooms. Then there'd be a maybe
a keynote oftentimes from someone at
Google or Yahoo or Microsoft search um
because those were still big back in the
day. And then a big trade show floor
with a lot of um booths where people
were were selling things to each other.
So old school conferences, right? If you
think of like what did 20th century
American conferences and events look
like, this was quite similar. In fact,
the only event I ever went to in the '9s
was a dental conference for for
professional dentists and orthodontists.
And this, you know, those early events
were like this. When we made MozCon, the
very first Moscon was one speaker, me,
uh, it was about 250 attendees.
um because I had dropped out of the
University of Washington, but like I
applied to their alumni thing to get
special discounted rate on using one of
their classrooms for the event and it
was uh me for seven hours talking about
SEO. So like every session was just Rand
is going to present on keyword research.
Now Rand on link building, you know,
whatever it was. Um but that event grew
up uh and the first the first year that
we had speakers other than me was was
like year two the event was growing. It
was almost all marketed through the
blog. So you know it was essentially
content marketing that turned into this
and the
um there were two innovations that at
the time were relatively unique. One was
everybody on one stage right? So
everybody has a keynote spot. there is
no keynote or everyone's a keynote. And
two, there's not 24 white dudes. So when
I when I first started making it, I was
like, we absolutely even year one, I
think we had to have I was like, we have
to have 50/50 gender balance. And then
that expanded into, hey, we have to have
more kinds of diversity and
representation. Like it cannot all be
straight people. It can't all be white
people. It can't all be right. And
eventually
what became very cool was when we when
we would put together the programming
for the event in the in the last few
years because you know probably the last
five years I ran it from say 2013 to 18
we didn't have to do it like we we
didn't have to do any sort of quotas or
like hey how are we doing because our
speaker selection was already from such
a diverse set of people that it was just
natural that when we were like okay well
we want someone on email marketing all
right this person we want someone on
content Well, this person, we want
someone on, you know, CRO. Well, this
person, we got to the diversity that we
wanted without
having to enforce or or or, you know,
actively work on it, which was super
cool. Um,
>> that is super cool.
>> And I can tell you that it had lots of
push back. So, today, you know, a
diverse event is not that surprising or
revolutionary, but and it wasn't
surprising or revolutionary. It was just
there were lots of people who were
either some degree of uncomfortable with
it or thought it was unnecessary.
So I remember talking to I won't out who
it is but like a close friend who makes
who who builds another conference who
was like the quota thing doesn't feel
right to me. Like I don't think I don't
think it's right to enforce a quota. It
feels unnatural and awkward like you
know whatever it is. how would people
feel if they knew they were selected
just because of their gender identity or
or you know their whatever eth ethnic
background or those kinds of things and
I was like they're they're not that's
not how it works. But regardless uh what
I love was a few years into Moscon
working this way that same person came
back to me was like okay I'm sold like I
see it I get it. Uh it does two things
for you that's really powerful. One is
when you do that you the quality of
speakers goes up because you don't
realize what you're ignoring and
missing. You you don't see when you
don't expand your your set you don't see
what you're missing. So our audience
ratings for speakers rose every year for
like 10 years in a row. And second, lots
of people want to see people like them
on stage and they will not go to events
that don't feature anyone like them.
And so, you know, you could see I
remember talking to a guy who who now
has an extraordinary reputation, right?
But he was like, "Shit, I did not
realize until I saw Will Reynolds speak
that you could be in marketing and be
black and be a speaker." Like that was
something that never I thought it was a
thing for like white dudes.
Yes. There you go. Right. Like if you
don't see yourself represented, you
don't know that you could potentially do
that thing. I think this is true for for
folks of all kinds, right? like as soon
as I see a Jewish quarterback in the
NFL, which will never happen, um you
know, then I'll be like, "Hey, look at
that schmoolley. Way to go. Throw that
ball." Um
>> you have your opportunity.
>> Yeah, that's I I might have missed I
might have aged out at this point. Um I
think I'm I think I'm Tom Brady's age,
so that's not going to work. Uh all
right, so I uh I thought I'd share that
and then Yeah, let's uh let's hear from
some other folks. Yeah,
absolutely true about diversity and
inclusion in in events. Um I would
imagine that as people see more of
themselves within the speaker panel then
they start to they start to reach out
and say hey can I apply to be a speaker
next year.
>> Totally.
>> Yeah. Absolutely. And also they buy
tickets.
>> Like it look it's good for like the
universe and the world and you know
ethically and all those kinds of things.
It's also good for your bottom line.
Mhm.
>> It's kind of nice that these things work
together.
>> Cool. We have uh we have some good
examples out there.
>> Yes. Let's see. Some people are asking
about
uh in-person digital. So, Andrew asked
about um in-person digital marketing
meetup in our home market to build
partnerships with referral sources and
invite clients or potential clients to
speak and share their knowledge.
>> Oo, I like that a lot. Yeah. So, I would
Andrew in your shoes, I would start with
the um essentially you're trying to
serve those clients and potential
clients. And so I would do I would start
that interview and survey process with
them, right? That's the yes, they're
also your speakers, but they're who
you're trying to serve. And so I would
ask them about their goals. Who do they
want to get in front of? Like who would
they hope would be in there? And then
I'd be really cautious. I think it could
be tough to build a very large event
kind depending on the size of your home
market, right? If we're talking about
like whatever LA or New York City, maybe
it's easier. But if you're in Seattle or
Cleveland or, you know, u Vancouver, BC
or something like that, it's it's going
to be a more limited set. Uh, and so I
would just I would try to book a venue
that feels full when you have even a
small group of people in it because you
want the energy in the room. This is one
of the things that event organizers
>> sometimes really screw up. Charlene and
I have talked about it many times. If
you have a room for 500 and you fill it
up with 300 people, there's there's like
this deadness, right? It's just it's
kind of there's like empty chairs and
empty space and it feels like, oh man,
do they have trouble selling or
whatever. And if you instead have a room
for 300 and there's 300 people in there,
that energy is completely different. And
the same thing is true with 25 or 50. So
just I would I would optimize
accordingly. Um, and I try and serve
those clients and potential clients with
the audience they want to reach, you
know, if they h whatever. If it's really
all about like them wanting to show off
to their boss and their team, how do you
get those people to the event? If it is,
hey, I want to reach my own customers.
Okay, how do we get them to the event?
Do we have to market through and with
them? It's it's all that kind of stuff.
And then for the programming, I would
just I would have someone who is
um
pretty tough on speakers to coach them
and help them build their slide decks.
>> Uh this was something many years for
Moscon um and even for for search love
and other events I helped with where I
would be like, "Sure, I will look at
your deck." Amanda can Amanda can attest
that I am um
hopefully fair but a little harsh. Yeah,
it's it's appreciated, but and I think I
don't know. I feel like there's a lot of
mixed um mixed sentiment on
um speakers needing to um provide their
slides in advance for feedback. I know
some people really hate it. Some
speakers really hate it. I mean, I
personally like it. I mean, I might I
might be like, "Oh man, I got to do this
early." But that's not a reflection of
of how I feel about the event. That's
more of like, shoot, I got to do this.
But I always appreciate the feedback
because I see it as like, well, if I'm
going to be on your stage,
>> I better do a good job. Like that that
benefits both of us. So,
>> abs. Absolutely. I I think there's also
like this um
>> aspect of this is frustrating but true,
which is some speakers, if the event
organizer has seen them many times and
kind of knows that they're going to do a
great job and whatever,
>> you don't have to worry about it. And if
there's newer folks, it's much more
important. Um, and that comes through in
the audience, right? Like what you don't
want,
>> you don't want to have an audience walk
away from any of the speakers and be
like, "Gh, that was not great or didn't
measure up to the level of the other
people at the event or the the other
talks at the event." Um, you you don't
have to slide into someone else's style.
don't even have to be great on stage if
your content and the stories that you
tell and the you know the information is
incredibly useful and the thing that
people want
presented in the in a way they expect
that you're going to do well even if you
are a nervous person even if you're
whatever sort of um natural charisma
isn't all the way up there I've seen
great results for for speakers so
>> uh should we Two more examples and then
wrap up.
>> Let's do it.
>> Okay. Patricio asks or says he'd like to
do a uh training or webinar for tech
CEOs with the goal to introduce them to
how branding can improve their business
and serve as lead genen.
>> Oo, that is a good one, Patricio. Funny
story. I um yesterday morning in Seattle
I was invited to speak at an event um
which I did for for a local venture
capital firm that basically invited all
their C portfolio CEOs. Um I've done
those a few times for various ones. In
fact, it was a huge huge builder for um
Moz's very early consulting business. Uh
I spoke to the gosh what was the VC's
name? Um I'm forgetting they they fund
oh benchmark. they funded like eBay and
um bunch of other really early like big
tech companies. Uh
so I would I think it's very hard to get
in front of tech CEOs to get them to
come to anything. Um it's just because
they they generally speaking have
whatever low bandwidth and also low
belief in the ability of an event to
level them up. But they're very
networking focused. So if you can do
things where you say, "Oh, these tech
CEOs, what they want is to meet
investors, to meet other tech CEOs, to
learn from other people who've had lots
of success, like um I think one of the
early things that got a bunch of tech
CEOs to go to this GeekWire event years
ago here in Seattle was they got Rich
Barton, who who started Expedia and now
is the CEO at Zillow, to come and be the
keynote speaker at this event." And so
yeah, when I rolled up, I was tech CEO
number like 200 of basically every tech
CEO in the city because we all wanted to
see rich. If you can find those few
lynch pins uh whatever, you know,
virtual or in person, I think uh you
said, yeah, webinar. So I would go I
would go virtual. If you can find a few
lynch pins who are like, oh yeah,
they'll pull the rest of these folks
with them because they really want to
see those people. that that is probably
um a great way to start that. And I
would I would ask right get on the phone
with a dozen of them. Ask like, "Hey, if
this person and this person are
speaking, who would those be where you'd
go, well, I can't miss it. I got to go."
>> I'd also I'd think about making it
invite only and doing something kind of
like make it feel high status.
>> Yeah. The exclusivity.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh Yeah. All right. Last one here and
then we'll wrap up. Uh Melissa asks or
Melissa's event is going to be a live
conference uh for an association of tech
consultants. Intent is to recruit
additional members and cement existing
members.
>> Oo,
>> I feel like one really good opportunity
is to engage the existing members as
speakers. Um or at least some of them,
right? to show to one to kind of show
like hey the one of the value ads is you
can be a speaker at our event. Um and
then it's also aspirational for
additional new members.
>> Yeah, I like I like that too. So the
interesting thing about an an existing
association is usually you can get the
email list
>> which is super powerful. I would use
that email list to do my like interviews
and surveys. I might consider taking
that email list over to clear bit full
contact um people pipl
and using their identity resolution to
turn those emails into you know LinkedIn
profiles, Twitter profiles, etc. And
then like looking at the content these
folks consume and what they follow and
read and all that kind of stuff. I'd
probably connect with a bunch of them on
those platforms, right? So like if you
reach out on LinkedIn and you say, "Oh,
hey, you're part of this like technology
association and so am I and we're
putting together an event for folks and
like would you have five minutes to chat
about that or like you know, would you
be up to take this survey to see you you
can start to get that almost uh the
association itself feeling like they're
part of the programming and then they're
going to want to go more which is
helpful too, right? people
are attracted to things that they feel
like they participated in the creation
of.
>> So that'd be one of my tactics. I also
might I might be tempted to talk to the
marketers for the association
and see if they would be willing to sort
of work with you budget-wise, timewise
to kind of help with the amplification
of that, too.
>> Yeah,
>> because they're getting a lot out of it.
>> Yeah, that's great. Um, all right, we
got to wrap up here. Um, thank you
friends for joining. Thank you for your
incredible participation in the chat and
everything. This is very helpful to us.
It's enlightening to us. And then we're
going to we're still going to go back
and read through because there was some
great feedback on events um networking
and events, not not networking and
events. And um yeah.
>> Yeah. And we should have some news about
uh Spark Toro Fest or whatever we're
actually going to call it quite soon. Uh
coming quite soon. And uh these slides
and the presentation will be available
on this Crowdcast page right after we're
done. And then Amanda will get that
email out to everyone. Amanda, thank you
so much for your uh for your moderation
even though uh you know your 2-year-old
is is being a cretton today.
>> Yeah, I really appreciate it.
>> Yeah, I had to tag out and give him some
stickers because he went in the putty.
>> Yeah, that was his reward.
>> I mean, if only we all got stickers for
that. I would have so many stickers.
All righty, friends. Thanks for joining
us. Take care, everyone.
>> Bye.
>> Bye.